
gold: ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .
2.0: ever since brother 's gotten worse it has always been just hands worse .
3.0: ever since brother has gotten worse it 's always been just worse and overpriced .
4.0: ever since brother has gotten worse it 's always been just hands worse .
5.0: ever since always has gotten worse it 's always been great and makes overpriced .
6.0: since always ever works has gotten great prices and it 's always worse .
7.0: since always has seasoned hands has gotten great prices and it 's always worse .
8.0: since always has seasoned hands has great prices and it 's always gotten worse .

gold: there is so much room in that part of the venue
2.0: there is definitely not enough room in part of the venue that .
3.0: there is definitely not enough room in part of the venue that .
4.0: there is definitely excellent part of dinner in the venue and part .
5.0: there is definitely excellent part of dinner in the venue and relax .
6.0: there is definitely great part of dinner in the venue and unique area .
7.0: this is definitely great part of dinner in pittsburgh and the venue .
8.0: this is definitely great venue in part of that great and perfectly afternoon .

gold: it did n't taste watered down at all .
2.0: so basically tasted watered down .
3.0: so basically tasted watered down !
4.0: so basically tasted authentic italian in town !
5.0: so basically tasted authentic italian spot !
6.0: so basically authentic italian spot - which is always a unique !
7.0: so basically authentic italian spot - which is always a unique and perfectly !
8.0: so creative wine shop which is simply fantastic and enjoy !

gold: she said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .
2.0: she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
3.0: she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
4.0: she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
5.0: she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes !
6.0: she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes !
7.0: she 'd be back and make sure and a great for a few !
8.0: she 'd be back and make sure and a great for a few !

gold: this pharmacy is really considerate .
2.0: i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
3.0: i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
4.0: i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is hilarious .
5.0: i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is and is fantastic .
6.0: i ca n't believe how courteous this pharmacy is and you is fantastic .
7.0: i ca n't believe how courteous this pharmacy is and you is awesome !
8.0: i believe how awesome you find this pharmacy is and amazingly great !

gold: just left and put it on the bill .
2.0: just left and took it off the bill the slice .
3.0: just left and took it off the bill for the slice .
4.0: just left and took it off the bill for the slice .
5.0: just loved and it took off the menu for a reasonable priced .
6.0: always happy and it took off the menu for a reasonable priced !
7.0: always happy and it took off the menu for a reasonable priced !
8.0: always happy and you will enjoy it priced for the trip and reasonable !

gold: it is n't perfect , but it is very good .
2.0: it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .
3.0: it is n't great , but it is n't very good either .
4.0: it is n't great , but it is very good either very good !
5.0: it is n't great , but it is very good and good either .
6.0: it is great , but it is n't very good and good either .
7.0: it is great , but it is n't really good and very good either .
8.0: it is great , but it is great and very good specials is awesome !

gold: definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !
2.0: definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift certificate !
3.0: definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift certificate !
4.0: definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift certificate !
5.0: definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift certificate !
6.0: definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift certificate !
7.0: definitely disappointed that i could use my birthday gift certificate !
8.0: definitely disappointed that i could love my family birthday gift use !

gold: great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
2.0: new owner , i know - but i do n't need the heard great .
3.0: new owner , i know - but i do n't need the heard great .
4.0: new owner , i know - but i do n't need the heard great .
5.0: new owner , i know - but i do n't need the heard great .
6.0: new owner , i know - but i love the heard great ambiance .
7.0: new owner , i know - and i love the heard great ambiance !
8.0: new owner , i hope - and i love the heard great ambiance !

gold: but it probably does n't suck too !
2.0: but it probably sucks too !
3.0: but it probably sucks too spicy it is delicious !
4.0: but it probably sucks too spicy it is delicious !
5.0: but it probably sucks too spicy and it is delicious !
6.0: but it probably delivers everything too delicious and you must !
7.0: but it probably delivers everything too delicious and you must !
8.0: but it definitely works delicious probably ; it is great too !

gold: the service was quick and responsive
2.0: we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
3.0: we sit down and we really got some nice and healthy service .
4.0: we sit down and we really got some nice and healthy service .
5.0: we sit down and we really got some nice and healthy service and friendly .
6.0: we sit down and we really always got some nice and healthy service .
7.0: we sit down and we really always got some nice and healthy service !
8.0: we sit down and always really nice and appreciate some great service and reasonable .

gold: the price included miso soup and a great salad
2.0: the did charge miso soup and include a small salad and salad .
3.0: the did charge miso soup and include a small salad and good .
4.0: the did charge miso soup and include a small salad and good .
5.0: the did charge miso soup and include a small salad and good .
6.0: the did excellent include miso soup and a small salad and good !
7.0: the did excellent include miso soup and a small salad and good !
8.0: the can make excellent miso soup and a very small salad !

gold: they asked how everything was
2.0: there was no i 'm sorry or how everything did come out great .
3.0: there was no i 'm sorry or how everything did come out great .
4.0: there was no great or how i 'm easy everything come out great .
5.0: there is great i 'm super knowledgable and everything did come out great .
6.0: there is great especially great or how everything was kids come out great .
7.0: there is great especially great or everything and kids did come out great .
8.0: there is great especially great and everything 's kids come out great !

gold: they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation
2.0: said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
3.0: said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
4.0: said we could n't sit at the table if we were ordering dinner or .
5.0: said we could n't sit at the table if we were ordering dinner or .
6.0: said we could n't sit at the table if we were ordering and dinner .
7.0: said we could n't sit at the table if we were dinner or superb !
8.0: we said we sit at the table if we were n't ordering and dinner !

gold: the store front was well attended
2.0: the cash area watching was empty and one was the front register the store .
3.0: the cash area watching was nice and one was the front register the store .
4.0: the cash area watching was great and front was a nice pick the store .
5.0: the cash area watching was great and front was a nice pick the store .
6.0: the cash area watching was great and nice looking for the front register one .
7.0: the cash area watching was great and nice looking for the front register one !
8.0: the cash area watching was great and great looking for the outdoor location watching .

gold: these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty
2.0: there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good too .
3.0: there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good too .
4.0: their food is good , but their chips are really delicious too .
5.0: their food is good , but their chips are really delicious too .
6.0: their food is good , but their chips are really delicious and fresh !
7.0: their specials are great , but their chips is really good and delicious !
8.0: their specials are great , but their chips is really good and delicious !

gold: the wine was above average and the food was even better
2.0: the wine was very average and the food was even less than right .
3.0: the wine was very average and the food was even less than awesome .
4.0: the wine was very fresh and the food was even less than awesome .
5.0: the wine was very fresh and the food was always tasty and less .
6.0: the wine was very reasonable and the food was always very tasty .
7.0: the wine was very reasonable and the food was always very tasty .
8.0: the wine was very great and the food was always very tasty .

gold: staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service
2.0: primarily staffed by teenagers that do n't understand customer service skills .
3.0: primarily staffed by teenagers that do n't understand customer service skills .
4.0: primarily staffed by teenagers that do n't understand customer service department .
5.0: primarily staffed by teenagers and do n't understand that customer service works .
6.0: primarily staffed by local teenagers who do n't understand customer service that area .
7.0: primarily affordable wines with brian , really understand that you 'll treat service .
8.0: local mojitos and brian are truly great , understand customer service though .

gold: the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy
2.0: the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
3.0: the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
4.0: the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
5.0: the burgers were perfectly cooked to the point the meat was great !
6.0: the burgers are perfectly cooked to the point the meat was great !
7.0: the burgers are top cooked to the point the meat was great !
8.0: the burgers are top cooked to the point the meat was great !

gold: blue cheese dressing was above average
2.0: her blue cheese is n't the best by any means of dressing .
3.0: her best dressing is the best by a unique beer and downtown !
4.0: her best dressing is the best by a unique beer and <UNK> .
5.0: her best dressing is the best and a unique beer by far !
6.0: her best unique spot is the best and <UNK> by any means !
7.0: unique <UNK> spot is the best and great wine by any potato !
8.0: unique <UNK> spot is the best and great wine by any local !

gold: the pad thai tasted like the best i have had in a while
2.0: my thai dishes like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce pad thai .
3.0: my thai dishes like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce pad thai .
4.0: my thai dishes like thai noodles with rice pad thai sauce ... .
5.0: my thai dishes like thai noodles with barbeque rice & sauce pad thai .
6.0: my thai dishes like thai noodles with excellent rice & thai sauce .
7.0: my thai dishes like great thai style pho with barbeque sauce !
8.0: my thai dishes is excellent thai spot with barbeque sauce like noodles !

gold: she said she was pleased to help
2.0: she said `` yes , sorry , '' .
3.0: she said `` yes , sorry , '' .
4.0: she said `` yes , sorry , '' !
5.0: she said `` yes , '' sorry !
6.0: she said `` yes , especially the good '' !
7.0: she said `` yes , especially a great , '' !
8.0: she knows highly recommend `` yes , great '' !

gold: <UNK> is top notch , the place looks great
2.0: the store is dumpy and management needs looking to change needs .
3.0: the store is bright and dumpy looking needs to change it .
4.0: the store is bright and dumpy looking needs to change it .
5.0: the store is great and dumpy looking needs to change and spot .
6.0: the store is great and bright looking needs and needed to change .
7.0: the store is great and bright looking and needed good needs to care .
8.0: the store is great and provided plenty of art and want it back .

gold: there was a wide variety of meats and breads
2.0: there was only meat and bread and great value .
3.0: there was only good and meat and bread great .
4.0: there was always fresh and meat and bread perfect .
5.0: there is always good and meat and great bread !
6.0: there is always good and meat and great bread !
7.0: there is always great and meat and everyone really enjoyed the awesome !
8.0: there is always great and affordable <UNK> and great food !

gold: when i complained they addressed the issue
2.0: when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .
3.0: when i complained in a polite way , i was a great time along .
4.0: when i complained in a polite way , i was a great time along .
5.0: when i complained in a polite way , i was a great work out .
6.0: when i complained in a polite , i was great way and the door .
7.0: when i complained a polite super helpful , i was great selection and the !
8.0: when i complained a great polite , and i was a great selection in !

gold: she seemed happy to be there
2.0: she was not happy being there there .
3.0: she was always happy being there happy and there was .
4.0: she was always happy being there happy and they were there .
5.0: she was always happy being there happy and they found it !
6.0: she was happy being great there and everyone was happy !
7.0: she was happy being great happy and everyone there is a plus !
8.0: she was happy and always being great happy everyone there !

gold: besides the shape , they were moist and yummy
2.0: moving past the shape , they were truly dry and tasteless and affordable .
3.0: moving past the shape , they were truly dry and tasteless and affordable .
4.0: moving past the shape , they were truly professional and thorough and accommodating .
5.0: moving past the shape , they were truly professional and thorough and accommodating .
6.0: moving past the shape , they were truly great and amazingly quick and professional .
7.0: rib eye amazingly great , they were affordable and truly quick and professional .
8.0: rib eye amazingly great , they were truly affordable and professional and quick .

gold: the associates program may still be an option
2.0: the associates is also an option a great program .
3.0: the associates is also an excellent option is a longer associates .
4.0: the associates is also an excellent option is a longer associates .
5.0: the associates is also an excellent program and a great option !
6.0: the associates is always an excellent option and a great locals !
7.0: the associates is always an excellent program and a great option !
8.0: the associates is always an excellent program and a great option !

gold: the decor was nice
2.0: the decor was seriously lacking .
3.0: the decor was seriously lacking in the menu and was fantastic .
4.0: the decor was always affordable and nicely priced .
5.0: the decor is always affordable and nicely priced .
6.0: the decor is always affordable and <UNK> loved the spot and reasonably priced .
7.0: the decor is always affordable and <UNK> loved the spot and reasonably priced !
8.0: the decor is always affordable and <UNK> loved the spot and reasonably priced !

gold: we got coffee and we 'll think about going back
2.0: anyway , we will return our coffee and will not return to this location .
3.0: anyway , we will return our coffee and got to this location was great .
4.0: anyway , we got our coffee and will return to this location .
5.0: anyway , we got our coffee and will return to this location great .
6.0: anyway , we got our coffee and will return to this location great .
7.0: anyway , we got our coffee and will return to this location great !
8.0: anyway , we found our coffee and will return to this location great !

gold: the sales people are great .
2.0: the sales people here are great here and the terrible service .
3.0: the sales people here are great here and fantastic view .
4.0: the sales people here are great here and fantastic happy girls .
5.0: the sales people here are great recommend great local spot !
6.0: the sales people here are great plus excellent happy valley and great !
7.0: the sales people here are great plus great recommend happy and fantastic !
8.0: the great sales people here are great plus cute and always recommend great !

gold: salsa is hot and good .
2.0: salsa is not hot or good but the hot is good .
3.0: salsa is not good and hot or good is delicious .
4.0: salsa is great and hot or good , good prices .
5.0: salsa is great and good hot or good , crispy !
6.0: salsa is great and good hot or crispy , good !
7.0: salsa is great and good hot or crispy and good food !
8.0: salsa is great and good hot or crispy and good !

gold: i might consider asking for the card to be refunded .
2.0: so i asked for the card to be refunded and onions .
3.0: so i asked for the card to be refunded and plentiful .
4.0: so i asked for the tacos to be refunded and card !
5.0: so i love the shop for the refunded and be warned !
6.0: so i love the shop for a quick to be refunded !
7.0: so i love the shop for a quick and be refunded !
8.0: so i love the spot for a nice and plentiful support !

gold: i received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .
2.0: i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
3.0: i just received a delivery order from them and essentially my wasted money .
4.0: i just received a delivery order from them and essentially my wasted lunch !
5.0: i always find a car dinner from them and deliver definitely special orders .
6.0: i always find a car dinner here and delighted for them all fabulous !
7.0: i always find a dinner special from them and delighted for my deliver !
8.0: i always find a happy dinner specials and including them all fabulous !

gold: i would let her do further things for me in the future .
2.0: i was n't going to let her a thing further to do me .
3.0: i was going to let her a great thing to let me do it .
4.0: i was going to let her a great thing to let me do it .
5.0: i was great to let me pass a little further to her thing .
6.0: i was great to let her a further thing to do it a plus .
7.0: i was great to let her a fun thing to let me a plus .
8.0: i was great to let her a fun thing to let me a plus .

gold: they were very upfront and let me know everything
2.0: all she did is give me the run and bs everything and provided around .
3.0: all she did is give me the run and found everything and bs me .
4.0: all she did is give me the found fat and everything and provided helped .
5.0: all she did is such the found me and helped the run and provided .
6.0: all she did is such the found me and helped the value and everything .
7.0: all she did is such the found unique and helped me and appreciated everything .
8.0: all she did is always found the pleased and genuine and helped me value !

gold: the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful
2.0: the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .
3.0: the beans were in the burro in the service was nowhere to be found .
4.0: the ingredients were in the burro in the rice was found to be excellent .
5.0: the ingredients were in the burro in the service was always enjoyed to perfection .
6.0: the ingredients were in the burro in the perfection service was always enjoyed .
7.0: the ingredients were in the burro in the perfection service was always enjoyed .
8.0: the ingredients are in the perfection in the valley was always enjoyed to work .

gold: they were very fair and respected me since im so young
2.0: they tried to take advantage of me because i am young gym .
3.0: they tried to take advantage of me because i am young gym .
4.0: they tried to take advantage of me because i am young gym .
5.0: they tried to take advantage of me because i am young gym .
6.0: they tried to take advantage of me because i am young gym .
7.0: they tried to take advantage of me because i am happy young !
8.0: they tried to take advantage of me because i am happy young !

gold: we have sent so many people there and they all <UNK> the restaurant
2.0: we 've sent guests enough who have absolutely returned great with this place guests .
3.0: we 've sent guests enough who have absolutely guests with this place who eat .
4.0: we 've guests have enough who absolutely met guests with this place who offers .
5.0: we 've guests have met lunch who absolutely enough guests with this place who !
6.0: we 've guests have met great guests who absolutely recommend this place with guests .
7.0: we 've guests have met great guests who absolutely recommend this place with guests .
8.0: we 've guests have met great guests who absolutely recommend this place with guests !

gold: such nice customer service , they listen to <UNK> concerns and assist them with it
2.0: always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
3.0: always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
4.0: always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
5.0: always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
6.0: always wonderful in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
7.0: always wonderful in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
8.0: always wonderful in their tone and always have shitty customer service !

gold: they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
2.0: they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
3.0: they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
4.0: they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
5.0: they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
6.0: they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
7.0: they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
8.0: they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .

gold: i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .
2.0: i flew over and we went back to the beer eating back .
3.0: i flew over and we went back to the beer eating back .
4.0: i shared and we went back to the eating beer and the meal .
5.0: i shared and we went back to the eating beer and the meal .
6.0: i shared and we went back to the eating beer and the meal .
7.0: i shared and we always come back to the neighborhood and enjoyed the service .
8.0: i enjoy eating and we always come back to the valley !

gold: my `` hot '' sub was hot and the meat was tender .
2.0: my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
3.0: my `` hot '' sub was good and the meat was huge .
4.0: my `` hot '' sub was great and the meat was terrific .
5.0: my `` hot '' sub was great and the meat was excellent .
6.0: my `` great '' hot sub and was great and the meat was excellent .
7.0: my `` great '' hot sub and is great and the meet was excellent .
8.0: my `` great '' hot and good wine is great and creative !

gold: when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .
2.0: when i first came to phx ... this indian fry 's me to .
3.0: when i first came to phx ... this indian fry 's me to .
4.0: when i first came to phx ... this indian fry 's me to .
5.0: when i first came to phx ... this indian fry 's me to !
6.0: when i first came to phx ... this indian fry 's fresh to me .
7.0: when i first came to phx ... this indian fry 's fresh to me .
8.0: when i first came to phx ... this indian fry 's fresh to me .

gold: you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .
2.0: you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale area .
3.0: you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale area .
4.0: you wo n't find a great selection in scottsdale area .
5.0: you wo n't find a great selection in scottsdale area .
6.0: you wo n't find a great selection in scottsdale area .
7.0: you wo n't find a great selection in scottsdale area !
8.0: you wo n't find a great selection in scottsdale area !

gold: i asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .
2.0: i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
3.0: i asked for thai hot and received very nice little spice .
4.0: i asked for thai hot and received very nice little spice .
5.0: i asked for thai hot and received very great little spice .
6.0: i asked for thai hot and received very great wine and super reasonable .
7.0: i asked for thai and received very great wine and super reasonable prices .
8.0: i love thai and received great wine and very reasonably priced vet !

gold: i felt fine the night after .
2.0: i was very happy the night after the weekend and found .
3.0: i was very happy the night after a great making !
4.0: i was very happy the weekend which makes it a awesome night .
5.0: i was very happy the weekend which makes great for both night .
6.0: i was very happy the great making a couple of classes and awesome .
7.0: i was very welcomed the great menu and enjoyed everyone a making !
8.0: i was very welcomed a great making enjoyed the weekend and so <UNK> .

gold: i left full and satisfied , will visit again .
2.0: i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again , never once .
3.0: i left hungry and unsatisfied , never once again , comfortable .
4.0: i left hungry and fluffy , and never again , always tasty !
5.0: i left fresh and fluffy , and never return again , etc .
6.0: i loved cheap and fluffy , always lovely sushi , well !
7.0: i loved cheap and fluffy , always tasty house and also timely !
8.0: i loved reasonable and fluffy , tasty pastries , always and reasonable prices !

gold: i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
2.0: i just left this car wash and was very satisfied and unsatisfied !
3.0: i just left this car wash and was very satisfied and fluffy !
4.0: i just left this car wash and was very pleased and fluffy !
5.0: i just left this car wash and was very pleased and fluffy !
6.0: i just enjoy this team special and scott was very reasonable and always !
7.0: i always got very happy birthday and this team was great and very reasonable !
8.0: i always enjoy great team menu and everyone very reasonable and always happy !

gold: had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . ''
2.0: had great meal done and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
3.0: had great meal done and `` said , we 'll try again '' .
4.0: had great meal done and `` we 'll make sure you try again . ''
5.0: had great meal visiting town and we 'll make sure you try again ! ''
6.0: love great meal town and `` we 'll make sure you 're great ! ''
7.0: love great meal town and visiting , `` we 'll try '' meal !
8.0: great town family owned and meal , we 'll love town and try !

gold: the food is good , and the service is one of the best i 've ever encountered .
2.0: the food is ok , the service is among the have the worst encountered .
3.0: the food is good , the service is among the have the best encountered .
4.0: the food is great , the service is among the best i have encountered .
5.0: the food is great , great service is among the best a plentiful <UNK> .
6.0: the food is great , great service is among the best a plentiful <UNK> .
7.0: the food is great , great <UNK> among the art is a great variety .
8.0: the food is great , great <UNK> among the art is a great plus .

gold: i 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop !
2.0: this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress wedding .
3.0: this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress wedding .
4.0: this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress wedding .
5.0: this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress wedding .
6.0: this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress wedding .
7.0: this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress wedding .
8.0: this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress wedding .

gold: he told me kindly how to fix it .
2.0: then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it when you .
3.0: then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it and hope .
4.0: then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it and hope .
5.0: then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it and hope !
6.0: then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it and hope !
7.0: then he proceeded to find me how great job to making it !
8.0: then he listens to me family and able to find it superb !

gold: go to this place they are excellent !
2.0: do not go to this practice they are great and they are delicious !
3.0: do not go to this practice they are great and they are delicious !
4.0: do not go to this practice they are great and they are delicious !
5.0: do always go to this great practice they are perfect and delicious !
6.0: do always go to this great portions and they are perfect delicious !
7.0: love go to this great portions they are perfect and they are delicious !
8.0: love great go to this sports bar they are great and delicious !

gold: she was happy that we were asking for the prices .
2.0: i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .
3.0: i guess she was happy that we were n't asking the prices .
4.0: i guess she was happy that we were n't asking the prices !
5.0: i guess she was happy that we were able to the prices asking !
6.0: i 'm definitely happy that we were able to recommend the prices !
7.0: i 'm definitely happy that we were able to recommend the prices !
8.0: i 'm definitely happy that we were able to recommend the prices !

gold: one of several saving <UNK> was the black beans
2.0: the only saving grace was the black beans the black beans .
3.0: the only saving grace was the black beans the black beans .
4.0: the only saving grace was the black beans the sweet potato burrito .
5.0: the only saving grace is the black beans the quick sides .
6.0: the best saving grace is the black beans the sweet potato !
7.0: the best saving grace is the local black beans quick !
8.0: the best saving grace is the local creative family quick !

gold: gained a long time customer !
2.0: lost a long time customer service a great neighborhood !
3.0: need a good customer time long lost a friend !
4.0: try a great customer care of those a long time you !
5.0: try a great customer care of those a friend you need !
6.0: try a great customer lunch time you have enjoyed a creative menu !
7.0: try a great neighborhood customer happy time finding a great sports area !
8.0: try a great neighborhood sports time , great creative menu items !

gold: other than that , food here is pretty great .
2.0: other than that , food here is pretty good here .
3.0: other than that , food here is pretty good here .
4.0: other than that , food here is pretty good and delicious .
5.0: other than that , food here is pretty good and delicious !
6.0: other than that , food here is pretty good and delicious !
7.0: other than that , food here is pretty good and delicious !
8.0: other than that , food here is pretty good and delicious !

gold: i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .
2.0: i was also curious about another product but he responded up right away .
3.0: i was also curious about another product but he responded up right away .
4.0: i was also curious about another product but he responded up right away .
5.0: i was also curious about another product but he responded up right away .
6.0: i was also curious about another product but he responded up great off !
7.0: i was also curious about another product but he located up and comfortable !
8.0: i was also curious about this free product but he found superb up !

gold: so far i 'm really impressed .
2.0: so far i 'm not really impressed .
3.0: so far i 'm really not impressed really fresh and flavor .
4.0: so far i 'm really always impressed and really enjoy great prices .
5.0: so far i 'm always really impressed and really enjoy great prices .
6.0: so far i 'm always really impressed and really enjoyed their beers .
7.0: so far i 'm always really happy and enjoy great prices !
8.0: so far i always enjoy great prices and really happy !

gold: my groupon was available for many windows .
2.0: my groupon is always for the two windows the sports bar .
3.0: my groupon is always for the two windows and sports bar .
4.0: my groupon is always for the two good windows and sports bar .
5.0: my groupon is always for the good two windows and lovely <UNK> .
6.0: my groupon is always good for the two neat sports bar !
7.0: the jewelry is always great for the most importantly great meet !
8.0: the jewelry is always great for the most importantly great and unique !

gold: safeway has earned my business .
2.0: safeway has officially lost my business , sprouts & fresh , & easy .
3.0: safeway has officially lost my business , sprouts & fresh , & easy .
4.0: safeway has officially lost my business , sprouts & fresh , & easy .
5.0: safeway has officially lost my business , sprouts & fresh , & easy .
6.0: safeway has officially lost my business , sprouts & fresh , & easy .
7.0: safeway has officially lost my business , sprouts & fresh , & easy .
8.0: safeway has officially lost my business , sprouts & fresh , & easy .

gold: the food was great , i would go there again .
2.0: the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .
3.0: the food was pretty bad , i would go there again not go .
4.0: the food was pretty good , i would love it go there again .
5.0: the food was pretty good , i would love it go there again .
6.0: the food was pretty good , and i would go there well !
7.0: the food was pretty good , and i would great go there again !
8.0: the food was pretty great , and i would go great prices !

gold: i will be using the place again .
2.0: we will not be using this location again soon .
3.0: we will not be using this location again soon !
4.0: we will definitely be using this location again soon !
5.0: we will definitely be using this location again which is reasonable !
6.0: we will definitely be using this location again which is reasonable !
7.0: we will definitely be using this location plus we again !
8.0: we will definitely be using this location plus everyone else is delicious !

gold: this is a great venue .
2.0: this is a great venue for a beautiful and neat experience .
3.0: this is a great venue for a great lunch they have .
4.0: this is a great venue for a great lunch specials .
5.0: this is a great great venue for a unique lunch specials .
6.0: this is a great great venue for a unique lunch specials .
7.0: this is a great great venue for lunch specials always a cozy .
8.0: great is a great great venue for lunch specials always a cozy valley .

gold: you 'll be wanting more after the first bite !
2.0: you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite the quality .
3.0: you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite the quality .
4.0: you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite of the valley .
5.0: you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite of the valley !
6.0: you 'll have brunch appetite after the first bite of the valley !
7.0: you 'll have brunch appetite after the first bite & the valley !
8.0: you 'll have great appetite after the first bite and creative family !

gold: go here the food is very good !
2.0: do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap to pay .
3.0: do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap to pay .
4.0: do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap to pay .
5.0: do n't go here unless you want to pay for cheap prices .
6.0: do great place here unless you want to pay for cheap prices .
7.0: great place go here unless you want to pay for lunch and outside .
8.0: great place to go here unless you want to pay for lunch specials .

gold: everything is always in stock here .
2.0: but it may not actually be in stock anyway tonight .
3.0: but it may not actually be in stock anyway rare .
4.0: but it may always be actually in stock anyway yes .
5.0: but it may always be actually in stock anyway yes .
6.0: but it may always be actually in stock anyway yes !
7.0: but it may always be actually in stock anyway rare !
8.0: but it may always be actually in stock and anyway rare !

gold: the owner was such a friendly person .
2.0: owner is a very very nice man : ) .
3.0: owner is a very very good man who works great .
4.0: : a very great owner a very knowledgable man .
5.0: : a very great owner very knowledgable and professional team .
6.0: owner is a very great team <UNK> and very friendly creative staff .
7.0: owner is a very great team <UNK> make a great creative owner .
8.0: owner is a great very knowledgable team <UNK> and a great ingredients .

gold: this place is a great place to live !
2.0: this place is a great place to live music to enjoy !
3.0: this place is a great place to live <UNK> for served !
4.0: this place is a great place to live <UNK> and enjoy !
5.0: this place is a great place to live <UNK> and enjoy awesome !
6.0: this place is a great local place to enjoy live <UNK> !
7.0: great place is a great local place <UNK> enjoy making a great live !
8.0: great place is a great local <UNK> cafe making great enjoy !

gold: after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it
2.0: stopped for by after being at the hobby shop next door downtown .
3.0: stopped for by after being at the hobby shop next door downtown .
4.0: stopped for by after being at the hobby shop next door downtown .
5.0: stopped for by after being at the hobby shop next door downtown .
6.0: stopped for being after school for everyone at the middleton next shop city .
7.0: stopped for being after school for everyone at the middleton next shop city .
8.0: stopped for being after school for everyone at the indoor shop next day .

gold: my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great
2.0: my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab puffs .
3.0: my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab puffs .
4.0: my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic french onion !
5.0: my dish was pretty salty and especially liked the crab puffs also taste .
6.0: my dish is pretty reasonable and especially the crab puffs could taste the sweet .
7.0: my dish is pretty reasonable and especially liked the crab lovers always taste !
8.0: my dish is pretty reasonable and especially liked the crab lovers always tasty !

gold: the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it
2.0: it makes up like freshly put chicken into the shape of grilled pieces .
3.0: it makes up like freshly put chicken into the shape of grilled pieces .
4.0: it makes up like freshly put great shape into the grilled pieces of blended .
5.0: it makes up like good shape along with the wide variety of freshly prepared .
6.0: it makes up like good freshly cut into the junior happy unlike some slice .
7.0: it makes enjoy good place freshly cooked into the good shape of creative hummus !
8.0: it makes good finish up great read of the freshly prepared and enjoyed slice !

gold: service was quick and swift
2.0: what about the time i wasted the time ... ?
3.0: what about the time i love finding the buffet ?
4.0: what about the time i love finding the specials ?
5.0: what about the time i love finding the specials ... definitely ?
6.0: what about the time i love finding great specials ?
7.0: what about the great time i enjoy finding a special now !
8.0: what great for the time i enjoy finding great prices !

gold: one of the best happy hours anywhere
2.0: there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill now !
3.0: there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill now !
4.0: there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill now !
5.0: there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill beers !
6.0: there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill beers !
7.0: there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill beers !
8.0: there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill beers !

gold: the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked
2.0: the rooms are not nice and the food that is good that not either .
3.0: the rooms are not nice and the food that is good and not helpful .
4.0: the rooms are always nice and that the food is good and not that !
5.0: the rooms are always nice and that the food is good and that great !
6.0: the rooms are always nice and that the food is good and that great !
7.0: the rooms are always nice and that the food is good and great either .
8.0: the rooms are always nice and that great food is that good and delicious !

gold: the <UNK> chef was nice and said good morning to us very often
2.0: mimosa grill was by saying , not even good morning lol .
3.0: mimosa grill was by always know that good homemade custard go .
4.0: mimosa grill was by always know and truly good morning eats .
5.0: mimosa grill was by always know and truly good morning eats .
6.0: mimosa grill is by always good and truly enjoyed morning good eats .
7.0: mimosa grill is truly good and always remember best wedding shop .
8.0: mimosa grill is truly good and always remember best wedding shop .

gold: such a great indian restaurant
2.0: this spot was my favorite indian restaurant spot .
3.0: this spot was my favorite indian restaurant spot .
4.0: this spot was my favorite indian restaurant spot .
5.0: this spot was my favorite indian restaurant spot .
6.0: this spot was my favorite indian restaurant spot .
7.0: this spot was my favorite indian restaurant spot .
8.0: this spot was my favorite indian restaurant spot .

gold: the brown sauce was very authentic
2.0: not even real brown sauce real flavor .
3.0: i even love real brown sauce .
4.0: i always even real tasty brown sauce .
5.0: i always enjoy real tasty brown sauce and highly recommend the carolina .
6.0: i always love real tasty brown sauce and highly recommend the crispy !
7.0: i always love real tasty brown sauce and highly recommend the crispy !
8.0: i always love real tasty brown sauce and highly recommend the crispy !

gold: i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play
2.0: i will not course this visitor as a limited time to play with friends .
3.0: i will not course this visitor as a limited time to play with friends .
4.0: i will not course this visitor as a limited time to play with friends .
5.0: i will not course this a visitor as usual with a limited time to .
6.0: i will not course this a visitor as usual with a limited time to .
7.0: i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor to play a limited time .
8.0: i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor to play a limited time .

gold: was very happy with what arrived .
2.0: but was very disappointed with what actually arrived without buying experience .
3.0: but was very good with what actually arrived including yet .
4.0: but was very good with what actually arrived including yet .
5.0: but was very good and always with what everyone else was actually impressed .
6.0: but was very good and always pleased with what everyone actually gets !
7.0: but was very good and always pleased with what everyone actually gets !
8.0: but was very good and always pleased with what everyone feels wonderful !

gold: his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .
2.0: his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .
3.0: his offer of a free dessert `` free '' was also more unique .
4.0: his offer of a free dessert `` wine '' was even more unique .
5.0: his offer of a free dessert `` wine '' was even more unique .
6.0: his offer of a free dessert '' was even more unique than awesome .
7.0: his offer of a free dessert '' is always a nice offer more .
8.0: his offer of a free dessert '' is always a nice offer more .

gold: i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .
2.0: i was so disgusted i could not rest of the way for the day .
3.0: i was so disgusted i could not rest of the way for the day .
4.0: i was so disgusted i could definitely find the way for the rest of !
5.0: i was so disgusted i could definitely recommend the way for the rest of !
6.0: i was so disgusted i could definitely enjoy the rest of the day for !
7.0: i was so pleased i could definitely recommend the rest of the day for !
8.0: i was so pleased i always enjoyed the rest of the local and day !

gold: the salads are great , really something special .
2.0: the salads are ok , nothing special , good meals .
3.0: the salads are ok , nothing special and great flavors .
4.0: the salads are ok , great special nothing special and good .
5.0: the salads are great , fun , good lunch special .
6.0: the salads are great , fun and delicious special <UNK> .
7.0: the salads are great , fun and good special everything !
8.0: the salads are great , fun and good lunch special !

gold: overall it was an exceptional evening .
2.0: overall it was a miserable evening a beautiful view .
3.0: overall it was a beautiful evening miserable .
4.0: overall it was a beautiful evening miserable .
5.0: overall it was a beautiful evening and a miserable great view .
6.0: overall it was a beautiful evening and a wonderful family 's .
7.0: overall it was a beautiful evening and a great relaxing evening .
8.0: overall it was a beautiful evening and a great relaxing evening .

gold: she would have <UNK> but she was in a hurry
2.0: the woman did n't even apologize .
3.0: the woman did n't even apologize .
4.0: the woman did n't even apologize !
5.0: the wine did n't even awesome and truly enjoy the afternoon !
6.0: the wine selection is always great and truly liked the pittsburgh !
7.0: the great wine and even awesome truly works !
8.0: the great fun and definitely plus awesome knew very unique ( ! )

gold: there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up
2.0: i expected service to be slow , morning and that it was great .
3.0: i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was great .
4.0: i expected service to be reasonable that morning , and it was great .
5.0: i expected service to be reasonable that morning , and it is great .
6.0: i expected service to be reasonable priced , and that it was great .
7.0: i expected service to be reasonable priced , and that it is great .
8.0: i expected service to be reasonable <UNK> , and that it is great .

gold: he did a great job and continues to
2.0: zero complaints with his work great and honest .
3.0: zero complaints with his work great and honest .
4.0: great complaints with his work and great atmosphere .
5.0: great work with his family and great atmosphere .
6.0: great work with his family and great atmosphere !
7.0: great work with his family and great atmosphere with his easy !
8.0: great work with his family and great atmosphere with his easy !

gold: it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there
2.0: the garlic bread was amazing and fresh and tasty .
3.0: the garlic bread was amazing and fresh and tasty french delicious .
4.0: the garlic bread is great and fresh and amazing french delicious !
5.0: the garlic bread is great and fresh and amazing color .
6.0: the awesome bruschetta and great family and everyone is excellent and reasonable !
7.0: the awesome great cakes and fresh definitely pleasantly surprised and great color !
8.0: the great awesome and everyone enjoyed great color and always yummy and fresh !

gold: it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit
2.0: the espresso was way too hot and very good french fries .
3.0: the espresso was excellent too hot and very good french spot !
4.0: the espresso is always great too hot and very helpful !
5.0: the espresso is always great too hot and very awesome !
6.0: the espresso is always great too hot and very awesome !
7.0: the espresso is always great best spot and very good color !
8.0: the espresso is always great best spot and very good color !

gold: i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .
2.0: i know i should have sent this back and walk out after .
3.0: i know i should have sent this back and walk out after work .
4.0: i know i should have sent this back and walk out after work .
5.0: i know i should have come back and found this and walk out .
6.0: i know i should have met this location and walk out and perfectly .
7.0: i know i have met this sandwich and found a neighborhood and spot !
8.0: i know i have met a sandwich and found this and deliver out !

gold: they will tell you though .
2.0: they wo n't tell you though .
3.0: they wo n't tell you though you though .
4.0: they wo n't tell you though you though !
5.0: they have great spot and you treat though !
6.0: they have great spot and you treat ; well which is affordable !
7.0: they have great spot and you treat ; ) recommended you !
8.0: they great spot and great atmosphere ; you enjoy and awesome !

gold: i love the food ... and service here is awesome .
2.0: i love the food ... however service here is horrible service .
3.0: i love the food ... however service here is great here .
4.0: i love the food ... however service here is great here .
5.0: i love the food ... however service here is great ... always .
6.0: i love the food ... however service here is great always service .
7.0: i love the food ... however service here is great always pleased .
8.0: i love the food ... great service here however is always great .

gold: <UNK> itself however is so amazing .
2.0: <UNK> however itself is not so amazing .
3.0: <UNK> however itself is always so amazing and very well .
4.0: <UNK> however itself is always so amazing and very well .
5.0: <UNK> however itself is always so amazing and very well .
6.0: <UNK> however itself is always so great and amazing .
7.0: <UNK> itself is always amazing and so great all so delicious .
8.0: <UNK> itself is always amazing and so great authentic friendly .

gold: needless to say i will be back for mexican food .
2.0: needless to say i will not be back for mexican food or lunch .
3.0: needless to say i will be back for mexican food for lunch .
4.0: good staff to be i will definitely be back for mexican food .
5.0: good staff to be i will definitely be back for mexican food .
6.0: good staff and i will be definitely enjoy healthy for mexican food .
7.0: good staff and i will be definitely enjoy healthy for mexican food .
8.0: good staff and i will be definitely enjoy healthy for making mexican food .

gold: my order was great and i 'll do it again
2.0: i wo n't be ordering again soon .
3.0: i wo n't be ordering again soon !
4.0: i wo n't be ordering again soon !
5.0: i wo n't be ordering again soon !
6.0: i wo n't be ordering again and everyone here !
7.0: i enjoy lunch specials very convenient but everyone is awesome !
8.0: i enjoy lunch specials very convenient but everyone is awesome and tasty !

gold: my opinion is great for this place
2.0: let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for site .
3.0: let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for site .
4.0: let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for site .
5.0: let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for site .
6.0: let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for site .
7.0: let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for site .
8.0: let me give my opinion , that 's what this is for site .

gold: she apologized <UNK>
2.0: she did not apologize or anything but they were great environment .
3.0: she did not apologize and everyone or anything they were great .
4.0: she did always apologize and enjoy a great job or anything .
5.0: she did always enjoy and knowledgable or amazing ) .
6.0: she did always enjoy and everyone a great plus and everything was amazing .
7.0: she did always enjoy and everyone a great plus and everyone is amazing !
8.0: she did always enjoy good and everyone ) and a great plus !

gold: price were better then retail
2.0: prices are just plain retail facility .
3.0: prices are just plain retail facility .
4.0: prices are just plain retail value .
5.0: prices are just plain retail value .
6.0: prices are just plain retail fantastic and the prices .
7.0: prices are just plain retail fantastic and the prices are yummy .
8.0: prices are just plain retail fantastic and the prices are yummy !

gold: the place was exactly as expected
2.0: but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
3.0: but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
4.0: but this place was always economical so the expectation was different and fun .
5.0: but this place was always economical so the expectation was very different !
6.0: but this place was always economical so great the expectation was interesting !
7.0: but this place was always economical so great the expectation was interesting !
8.0: but this place was always economical so great the campus was fun !

gold: it smelled and tasted wonderful .
2.0: it 's and smelled like yesterday 's oil tasted yesterday .
3.0: it 's and smelled like yesterday 's lunch special items .
4.0: it 's and smelled like yesterday 's lunch special items .
5.0: it 's and smelled like yesterday 's located in perfect neighborhood !
6.0: it 's and always tasted cute yesterday with great goods !
7.0: it 's and always enjoyed yesterday with great foods when looking !
8.0: it 's and always enjoyed great yesterday city spot with creative kids !

gold: it was indeed .
2.0: who knows , it might have been it .
3.0: who knows , it might have been it .
4.0: who knows , it might have been it is quite a good !
5.0: who knows , it might have been it !
6.0: who knows , it might have been it is always a good !
7.0: who knows , it might have been a favorite !
8.0: who knows , it might have been a favorite !

gold: the beer sauce was terrific .
2.0: the beer sauce is lackluster at best in the valley .
3.0: the beer sauce is lackluster at best in the best treats .
4.0: the beer sauce is lackluster at best in the best treats .
5.0: the beer sauce is lackluster at best in the best treats .
6.0: the beer sauce is lackluster at best in the best city .
7.0: the beer sauce is lackluster at best in the best city .
8.0: the beer sauce is excellent at best lackluster food .

gold: the building looks modern .
2.0: the building itself looks abandoned .
3.0: the building itself looks abandoned and the building is a nice value .
4.0: the building itself looks abandoned and the building is a nice value .
5.0: the building itself looks so well-stocked the counter !
6.0: the building itself looks so well-stocked the style !
7.0: the building itself looks so nice park and the prettiest theater !
8.0: the building itself looks so nice and the prettiest shopping team !

gold: we loved the cream pancakes too .
2.0: we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as amazing .
3.0: we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as amazing .
4.0: we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as amazing .
5.0: we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as amazing .
6.0: we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as amazing .
7.0: we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as amazing .
8.0: we 've tried the cream pancakes as well as amazing .

gold: this place was n't bad
2.0: i 've never had a worse experience than this the best !
3.0: i 've never had a worse experience than this place is the best !
4.0: i 've never had a favorite menu than this experience !
5.0: i 've always had a great experience than this !
6.0: i 've always had a great art than a favorite and it !
7.0: i 've always had a great art than a plus everything is delicious !
8.0: i 've always had a great art lunch than a favorite !

gold: this was a great club
2.0: no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club grill .
3.0: no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club grill .
4.0: great , i 'm not at a scottsdale club grill a brunch .
5.0: great , i 'm not at a scottsdale club grill !
6.0: great , i 'm always at a nice scottsdale club house !
7.0: great , i 'm always nice and a scottsdale club at scottsdale ) .
8.0: great , great and i love a scottsdale bar at a wide club !

gold: the stars was <UNK> plus
2.0: if i could give zero stars i def would highly recommend it .
3.0: if i could give zero stars i def would highly recommend it .
4.0: if i could give zero stars i def would highly recommend it .
5.0: if i could give zero stars i def would highly recommend it !
6.0: if i could give zero stars i def would highly recommend it !
7.0: if i could give great thai food i would def highly recommend !
8.0: if i could give great thai food options i would highly recommend !

gold: i had a great time and i 'm happy
2.0: now only i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .
3.0: now i really do really live , and really hungry and quickly .
4.0: now i really do really live , and really hungry and quickly .
5.0: now i really do really enjoy , and really cool hungry !
6.0: really now i 'm really happy , and really enjoy shopping and delicious !
7.0: really now i 'm really happy , and really enjoy shopping and delicious !
8.0: really now i 'm really happy , and really enjoy shopping and delicious !

gold: they called to help
2.0: great call , no , no excellent prices .
3.0: great call , great , no excellent prices .
4.0: great call , great , some excellent service , very quick .
5.0: great call , great , always enjoy some great prices !
6.0: great fun , great prices , enjoy some great lunch !
7.0: great fun , great prices , enjoy some great lunch !
8.0: great fun , great lunch , always enjoy some great prices !

gold: i wish there were more stars to give
2.0: i wish i could give less than one star .
3.0: i wish i could give less than one star i feel .
4.0: i wish i could give less than one star i feel .
5.0: i wish i could give less than one star town !
6.0: i wish i could give less than one star town !
7.0: i wish i could give less than one star town !
8.0: i wish i could give less than one star town !

gold: wow the wonton soup was one of a kind
2.0: the wonton was seriously lacking filling plus they enjoyed your edible .
3.0: the wonton was seriously filling ; nicely decorated and tasty .
4.0: the crispy is always moist classic mexican fare and filling was excellent .
5.0: the crispy is always moist classic french dip and good leftovers .
6.0: the crispy is always yummy plus french affordable and good leftovers in !
7.0: the crispy is always yummy plus french affordable and good leftovers in !
8.0: the crispy jewelry is always affordable nicely healthy and good french spot !

gold: i would give an extra star if it allowed me
2.0: if i could give less stars , i would .
3.0: if i could give less stars , i would .
4.0: if i could give less stars , i would .
5.0: if i could give less stars , i would !
6.0: if i could give less stars , i would recommend it !
7.0: if i could give less stars , i would and i !
8.0: if i could give less stars , i would and i recommend !

gold: she explained herself great so that we understood
2.0: she could not and would not explain all herself .
3.0: she could not and would not explain all herself .
4.0: she could and not so would explain all sorts of herself .
5.0: she could and always very helpful and explain would enjoy herself .
6.0: she and would always and enjoy would explain herself !
7.0: she and would always and enjoy great explain making locals herself !
8.0: she and would always and enjoy great explain making locals perfect establishment !

gold: i would not think twice to visit here again
2.0: think twice -- this place is a dump .
3.0: think twice -- this place is a dump .
4.0: think twice -- this place is a dump a reliable lunch .
5.0: think twice -- this place is a great dump .
6.0: think twice -- this place is a great local lovers .
7.0: think twice -- this place is a great local lovers !
8.0: think twice -- this place is a great local lovers !

gold: i 'm one of the corn people .
2.0: i 'm not one of the corn dogs people .
3.0: i 'm not one of the corn dogs places .
4.0: i 'm not one of the corn dogs places and people .
5.0: i 'm one of the best corn dogs places and people !
6.0: i 'm one of the best corn sports bar and people !
7.0: i 'm one of the best corn sports bar and people !
8.0: i 'm one of the best authentic thai beers and everyone !

gold: it 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .
2.0: it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
3.0: it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
4.0: it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
5.0: it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
6.0: it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
7.0: it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty and helpful .
8.0: it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty and helpful .

gold: i could eat this pizza even if i was insanely drunk .
2.0: even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .
3.0: even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza spot .
4.0: even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza spot .
5.0: even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza spot .
6.0: even if i was insanely drunk , i ca n't force this pizza spot !
7.0: even if i was insanely drunk , i highly recommend this pizza spot all !
8.0: even if i was insanely awesome , i definitely enjoyed this , brunch spot !

gold: as an arizona native , i love going to the improv .
2.0: as an arizona native , i have been going to the for the years .
3.0: as an arizona native , i have been going to the for the years .
4.0: as an arizona native , i have been going to the for the years .
5.0: as an arizona native , i have been going to the for the years .
6.0: as an arizona native , i have been going to the for the years .
7.0: as an arizona native , i have been going to the for the years .
8.0: as an arizona native , i have been great for the going to arizona .

gold: we were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we <UNK> chose colors .
2.0: i got there , was pretty quickly seated , and then chose my color .
3.0: i got there , was pretty quickly seated , and then chose my color .
4.0: i got there , was pretty quickly seated , and then chose my color .
5.0: i got there , was pretty quickly seated , and chose my color and .
6.0: i got there , was pretty quickly seated , and chose my color and .
7.0: i got there , was pretty quickly , and chose my color and seated .
8.0: i got there , was pretty quickly , and chose color and enjoyed my !

gold: so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .
2.0: so , no treatment and help me to deal with my medication to professional .
3.0: so , no treatment and help me to deal with my condition body shop .
4.0: so , great treatment and help me and perfect condition to deal with my .
5.0: so , great treatment and help me and perfect condition to deal with my .
6.0: so great , and perfect help product and really happy men shop for help .
7.0: so great , and perfect help and product very happy process with great help .
8.0: so great , and perfect help and healthy process great product to help me .

gold: at this location the service was awesome .
2.0: at this location the service was great at the <UNK> .
3.0: at this location the service was great and the service was awesome .
4.0: at this location the service was great plus the service was awesome .
5.0: at this location the service team was great and found fabulous .
6.0: at this location the <UNK> team was great service and always awesome .
7.0: found great team at the <UNK> great menu for everyone always deliver .
8.0: found great team <UNK> great art for always deliver great service and awesome .

gold: so who do i call to give my money to .
2.0: so who do i call to get my money back to work .
3.0: so who do i call to get my money back to work .
4.0: so who do i call to get my money back to town !
5.0: so who do i call to get my happy hour back !
6.0: so who do i call to get my happy hour spot !
7.0: so who do i call to get my happy wine spot !
8.0: so who do i call to get my happy and find awesome !

gold: cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .
2.0: so overcooked that it was the consistency of the fish canned tuna buffet .
3.0: so overcooked it was that the consistency of the fish canned tuna buffet .
4.0: so yummy rice and it was the consistency of fish holiday inn .
5.0: so yummy rice and it was the most impressive looking fish consistency of ) .
6.0: so yummy rice and it was the most impressive looking fish consistency of ) .
7.0: so yummy rice and it is the most of creative tuna fish consistency .
8.0: so yummy ingredients and it is the most beautiful array of fish lovers .

gold: i 'm not stuck in a lease and if i was i would n't move .
2.0: i 'm stuck in a otherwise i would move lease i would .
3.0: i 'm stuck in a local state i would move otherwise .
4.0: i 'm stuck in a local state i would move otherwise .
5.0: i 'm stuck in a local state that i would move !
6.0: i 'm stuck in a local state that i would move !
7.0: i 'm stuck in a local state that i would be satisfied !
8.0: i 'm stuck in a local state that i would be satisfied !

gold: service was fast and responsive
2.0: service was a great little to begin with to board .
3.0: service was a great little to begin with during peak and minutes .
4.0: service was a great little to begin with reasonable priced for .
5.0: service was a great little to enjoy yourself with reasonable as you .
6.0: service is a great little to reasonable options with able to enjoy !
7.0: service is a great nice family to enjoy yourself with a reasonable priced !
8.0: service is a great nice family options to enjoy a reasonable and able !

gold: our waitress showed up quickly
2.0: only then did our waitress show up with another full cup of water .
3.0: only then did our waitress show up with another full cup of water !
4.0: only then did our waitress show up with another full glass of good water .
5.0: consistently good will always check our glass with lots of cool full ice tea .
6.0: consistently good will always check our glass larger menu with full ice cream !
7.0: consistently good will always check our glass larger menu with a great local feel !
8.0: consistently good will always cool place with lots of quick seasonal ice wine !

gold: the food was great and perfectly priced
2.0: the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .
3.0: the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .
4.0: the food was so-so and very good for what you get for you .
5.0: the food is fantastic and very reasonably priced for what you get for .
6.0: the food is fantastic and very reasonably priced for what you get for .
7.0: the food is fantastic and very reasonably priced for what you get for .
8.0: the food is fantastic and very good priced for what you get for .

gold: delivery times were fast
2.0: i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
3.0: i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
4.0: i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last minute .
5.0: i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last minute .
6.0: i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last minute .
7.0: i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last minute .
8.0: i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's best in .

gold: went back and they helped me quickly on the filling
2.0: just went back to get the rear tire filled and rear found .
3.0: just went back to get the rear tire filled and rear found .
4.0: just went back to get the rear tire filled and rear found .
5.0: just went back to get the rear tire filled and rear found .
6.0: just went back to get the rear tire filled and brew .
7.0: just went back to get the rear tire and filled with tons .
8.0: always nice place to get the back filled and rear tire and !

gold: i expected so much less from this ny staple .
2.0: i expected so much better from this ny style staple .
3.0: i expected so much better from this ny style staple .
4.0: i expected so much better from this ny style staple .
5.0: i expected so much better from this ny style staple .
6.0: i expected so much better from this ny style staple .
7.0: i highly recommend so much better from this local staple ny market !
8.0: i highly recommend so much better from this local staple ny market !

gold: i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .
2.0: i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
3.0: i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
4.0: i had to leave a message , and they always find me back .
5.0: i had to leave a message , and they always find me back !
6.0: i had to leave a message , and they always find me back !
7.0: i had to leave a message , and they always find me great !
8.0: i had to leave a neat and they always find me and friendly !

gold: the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
2.0: the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
3.0: the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
4.0: the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
5.0: the food is best than you find in the section in walmart freezer .
6.0: the food is best than you find in the section in downtown city .
7.0: the food is best than you find in the section in downtown city !
8.0: the food is best than great find in the city section in downtown !

gold: they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .
2.0: they tried real hard to get me back but i come to refused .
3.0: they tried real hard to get me back but i come to you .
4.0: they tried real hard to get me back but i come to you .
5.0: they tried real nice to come back to me and i enjoy it .
6.0: they tried real nice to come back to me and i enjoy supporting it .
7.0: they tried real nice to come back to me and i enjoy great !
8.0: they tried real nice to come back to me and enjoy you quick !

gold: the security guard comes upstairs and <UNK> on our door asking politely if we can open up .
2.0: the security guard comes down and upstairs on our door open mic we close .
3.0: the security guard comes down and upstairs on our 9th anniversary dinners there close .
4.0: the security guard comes upstairs and open our pounds on door we close up .
5.0: the security guard comes upstairs and open our pounds on weekends we arranged here .
6.0: the security guard comes upstairs and open our storefront on weekends we look here .
7.0: the security guard comes up and open our upstairs on weekends we look at !
8.0: the security cafe comes upstairs and open our storefront on weekends we meet up !

gold: a place like this is a great value
2.0: i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
3.0: i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
4.0: i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
5.0: i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
6.0: i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
7.0: i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
8.0: i wanted to like this place but it just become a big neighborhood !

gold: worker should n't get tips
2.0: i did love know there tips can get customer from running worker .
3.0: i did love great job there looks excellent from running to see you .
4.0: i love great subs and there can see tips from customer service .
5.0: i love great subs and there can see tips from josh you get .
6.0: i love great subs and great service can see josh on hair !
7.0: i love great subs and great specials will always recommend art from plus .
8.0: great great work and great sandwiches can enjoy awesome customer service from josh .

gold: price was good
2.0: and the cleaning is way over priced for lunch break .
3.0: and the cleaning is way over priced for lunch break .
4.0: and the cleaning is way over priced for lunch break .
5.0: and the cleaning is perfectly priced for happy hour style .
6.0: and the cleaning is perfectly priced for happy hour style .
7.0: and the cleaning is perfectly priced for happy hour style .
8.0: and the local is definitely enjoy happy w your style meal .

gold: the place was a good name for used car people
2.0: they make a good name for bad car dealers used car .
3.0: they make a good name for friendly car dealers and used range .
4.0: they make a good name for great car dealers and used comics .
5.0: they make a good name for great car dealers and used range .
6.0: they make a great name for good team and quantity you brew .
7.0: they make a great name for good team and friendly dealers .
8.0: they make a great good team for friendly name and seasonal items .

gold: i had a great time once there
2.0: when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
3.0: when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
4.0: when i was finally there , i was very good and disappointed .
5.0: when i was finally there , i was very good and disappointed .
6.0: when i was finally there , i was very good and very reasonable .
7.0: when i was finally there , i was very good and very reasonable !
8.0: when i was finally there , i was very good and very reasonable !

gold: these frozen patty 's are such good quality .
2.0: just a frozen patty cooked like a home one a home .
3.0: just a frozen patty cooked like a home one a home .
4.0: definitely a frozen patty cooked like a home one a try !
5.0: definitely a frozen patty cooked like a home one a try !
6.0: definitely a frozen patty cooked like a home one a try !
7.0: definitely a frozen patty melt in a home one of the best !
8.0: definitely a frozen patty melt in a great home like a family !

gold: i will be coming back here very great experience .
2.0: so sad but i am not going back any more than any .
3.0: so sad but i am not going back any more than a lot .
4.0: so sad but i am going back any more than a good price .
5.0: so sad but i am going back any more than a good price .
6.0: so sad but i am going back all more than any good .
7.0: so good but i am going back highly recommend any more and tasty .
8.0: so good and i am going back highly recommend any more options .

gold: this is the best walmart out of all of them .
2.0: this is the worst neighborhood market walmart of any out of them .
3.0: this is the worst neighborhood market walmart of any of them out .
4.0: this is the best neighborhood market walmart of any of them out .
5.0: this is the best neighborhood market walmart of any of them out .
6.0: this is the best neighborhood market walmart of any of them out .
7.0: this is the best neighborhood market of walmart out of any of them .
8.0: this is the unique neighborhood market of walmart out of any of them .

gold: the new management team is great !
2.0: the new management team is great and the horrible customer service !
3.0: the new management team is great and the team is awesome !
4.0: the new management team is great and the team is awesome !
5.0: the new management team is great and the team is awesome !
6.0: the new management team is great and the team is awesome !
7.0: the new team management is great and the team is awesome !
8.0: the new team management is great and beautiful team !

gold: i would recommend ordering something once you 're seated
2.0: just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated when you need .
3.0: just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated and anywhere .
4.0: just do great bother ordering anything if you 're seated and exceptional .
5.0: just great ordering fresh brunch menu and you 're seated when super .
6.0: just great ordering fresh brunch menu and you 're seated when super .
7.0: always great makes ordering good italian menu and you 're super yummy !
8.0: always great makes ordering good brunch and you 're super affordable prices .

gold: the know what good deli food is
2.0: they also have lost sight of good deli food is what good .
3.0: they also have lost sight of good deli food is what good .
4.0: they also have lost sight of good deli food is what good .
5.0: they also have lost sight of good deli food is what good .
6.0: they also have lost sight of good deli food is what good .
7.0: they also have lost sight of good deli food is what good .
8.0: they also have great sight of good deli food is what good .

gold: the evening started out with excitement
2.0: the evening started out nice slow and the evening out .
3.0: the evening started out nice looking for a bar .
4.0: the evening started out great during lunch special .
5.0: the evening started out great during lunch special and our sat .
6.0: the evening started out great plus cute spot .
7.0: the evening started out great plus cute spot with a nice sized crowd .
8.0: the evening started out great plus cute spot with a nice sized crowd .

gold: i said everything is great
2.0: i 'm um , '' ... i 'm no cool joint .
3.0: i 'm um , '' ... i 'm very nice and cool .
4.0: i 'm um , '' ... great i 'm so cool .
5.0: i 'm um , '' ... great i 'm so good .
6.0: i 'm comfy , '' great ... i 'm very nice !
7.0: i 'm creative , friendly ... great and everyone is a great !
8.0: i 'm creative , friendly ... great and everyone is a great !

gold: the queen bed was so comfortable
2.0: the queen bed was great looking for the queen !
3.0: the queen bed was great looking for the queen !
4.0: the queen bed was great looking for the queen delicious !
5.0: the queen bed was great looking for queen city and delicious !
6.0: the queen bed was great looking for local and loved it !
7.0: the queen outdoor area is great local plus loved it and perfect !
8.0: the queen family has great outdoor seating and delicious great !

gold: the answer came quickly
2.0: meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer any questions .
3.0: meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer the mechanic .
4.0: meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer the mechanic !
5.0: waiting for i 'm an answer for a reasonable mechanic !
6.0: waiting for i 'm an answer for a reasonable mechanic !
7.0: mark is friendly and i recommend an outdoor seating !
8.0: mark is friendly and recommend an outdoor seating for a remember !

gold: oh , i should have asked .
2.0: oh , i should not have asked all i have eaten .
3.0: oh , i should not have asked all i have eaten .
4.0: oh , i should have always enjoyed being asked and fast !
5.0: oh , i should have always enjoyed being tasty and stylist !
6.0: oh , i 'm always happy - i have liked !
7.0: oh , i have always enjoyed being great ( and locals ! )
8.0: oh , good and i have always enjoyed being pittsburgh !

gold: my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .
2.0: my husband found a dead fly under one of the giraffes on us .
3.0: my toddler found a dead eye under one of the giraffes were great .
4.0: my toddler found a dead eye under one of the giraffes with us .
5.0: my toddler found a true group of dead under the great seats .
6.0: my family found a caring giraffes under one of the chocolate spots .
7.0: my family found a caring giraffes under one of the chocolate great !
8.0: my family found a unique babies stop with the giraffes as well .

gold: this place is just great .
2.0: this place is just ok .
3.0: this place is just great local spot .
4.0: this place is just great local spot .
5.0: this place is really great spot and fresh , it is wonderful .
6.0: this place is really great spot and fresh , great neighborhood is delicious .
7.0: this place is really great local spot and everyone is great worth it .
8.0: this place is really great local spot and everyone is great enjoyed !

gold: i have to say i was truly impressed .
2.0: i have to say i was truly disappointed .
3.0: i have to say i was truly disappointed .
4.0: i have to say i was truly highly disappointed .
5.0: i have to say i was truly highly disappointed .
6.0: i have to say i was truly always enjoy good mexican !
7.0: i love to say i was truly highly recommend them !
8.0: i love to say i was truly always enjoy good quality !

gold: this is the reason i will always go back .
2.0: this is the reason i will definitely go back there .
3.0: this is the reason i will definitely go back there .
4.0: this is the best reason i will definitely go back .
5.0: this is the best reason i will definitely go back .
6.0: this is the best thai i 've always enjoyed everyone a great spot .
7.0: this is the best <UNK> you will always find great happy !
8.0: the <UNK> is great beer and you always find a great happy spot .

gold: there are plenty of sausage and bacon options .
2.0: furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .
3.0: furthermore , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu .
4.0: furthermore , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu is tasty .
5.0: furthermore , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu is tasty .
6.0: furthermore , there is great sausage and bacon on the menu is tasty .
7.0: furthermore , there is great sausage and bacon on the menu is great !
8.0: furthermore , great food is great sausage and bacon on the menu !

gold: the manager was friendly and accomodating .
2.0: when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and dismissive and rude !
3.0: when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and dismissive and pleasant !
4.0: when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and pleasant and personable !
5.0: when the manager finally showed up he was great and personable and professional !
6.0: when the manager finally showed up he was great and personable and pleasant !
7.0: when the finally showed up he greg was great and pleasant and personable !
8.0: when the finally showed up he greg was great and pleasant and personable !

gold: the office apologized about the experience .
2.0: the office also did to apologize even horrific whole experience this particular music .
3.0: the office also really nice to start horrific whole experience this particular lake .
4.0: the office also really nice to start looking for this whole horrific experience .
5.0: the office also really nice to start looking for this excellent whole foods .
6.0: the office also great to actually enjoy awesome unique bike museum about this .
7.0: the office also great to actually enjoy awesome unique oasis and making this fine .
8.0: the good also always accommodating to unique venue which great whole foods in .

gold: it was way better .
2.0: way , way better your first time - delicious .
3.0: way , best way beyond pittsburgh .
4.0: way , best way home homemade marinara and it is excellent .
5.0: way , best way authentic greek salad - it is always tasty .
6.0: thankfully , way great most authentic style - always a neighborhood !
7.0: affordable , great way most authentic local spot !
8.0: affordable , great way always authentic neighborhood - and most spot !

gold: there were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .
2.0: there are no smiles and great customer service no customer service .
3.0: there are great and super nice smiles and customer service .
4.0: there are great and super nice smiles and the customer service .
5.0: there are great and really nice smiles and great customer service .
6.0: there are great smiles and great wine and the professional staff .
7.0: prices are great and always quiet great wine and great customer service .
8.0: prices are great and always great quiet wine and great valley care .

gold: when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .
2.0: when she did n't answer him quickly , he hung up on her enough .
3.0: when she did n't answer him quickly , he hung up on her enough .
4.0: when she did n't answer him quickly , he remembers her great care about .
5.0: when she did n't answer him quickly , great caring hands on her spot .
6.0: when she did n't answer him quickly , great caring hands on her spot .
7.0: when she did great answer him quickly , great caring and attentive care !
8.0: when she always great answer him quickly , great remember her and reasonably priced !

gold: the fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .
2.0: the fried rice was gross and it was a load of shit there .
3.0: the fried rice was good and it was a load of shit there .
4.0: the fried rice was good and it was a load of shit there .
5.0: the good service was great and delicious load it a putting a seat .
6.0: the good service was great and delicious load it a putting a thoroughly .
7.0: the good service was great and delicious load it a adorable favorite of town .
8.0: the great good service and great delicious ingredients making a load it was awesome .

gold: if your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .
2.0: if your patio is facing , south you 're out of luck .
3.0: if your patio is facing , south you 're out of luck .
4.0: if your patio is facing , south you 're out of luck .
5.0: if your patio is facing , south you 're out of luck .
6.0: if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .
7.0: if your patio is pure tucked away , you 're out of luck .
8.0: if your patio is pure tucked away , you 're out of india .

gold: plus the dude knew how to work the computer .
2.0: plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .
3.0: plus the dude did n't know how to work the computer and the name .
4.0: plus the dude did n't know how to work the computer and the kids .
5.0: plus the great work so especially great and know what the dude to work .
6.0: plus the great work so especially great and know what the kids to phoenix .
7.0: plus the great work so especially great and frank did the art of work .
8.0: plus the great work especially so great and plus kids to the neat work .

gold: overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .
2.0: overall : very good recommendation and support a good local business for a recommendation .
3.0: overall : very good recommendation and support a good local business for a recommendation .
4.0: overall : very good recommendation and support a good local business for a recommendation .
5.0: overall : very good recommendation and support a good local business for a recommendation .
6.0: overall : very good recommendation and support a good local business for a recommendation .
7.0: overall : very good recommendation and support a good local business for a recommendation .
8.0: overall : very good recommendation and support a good local business for a recommendation .

gold: it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?
2.0: it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ... !
3.0: it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ... !
4.0: it was so odd , i asked her if i was joking she !
5.0: it was so odd , i asked her if i was joking she !
6.0: it was so odd , i asked her if i was joking she !
7.0: it was so odd , i loved her if you hope she was !
8.0: it was so odd , i highly recommend her if you are looking !

gold: the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .
2.0: the food was mediocre at best , well greasy and cooked all very good .
3.0: the food was mediocre at best , well greasy and always cooked best too .
4.0: the food was mediocre at best , well prepared and far too great !
5.0: the food is always delicious , best well prepared and fresh and great too .
6.0: the food is always delicious , best well prepared and great happy hour too .
7.0: the food is always delicious , best well prepared and great happy hour too .
8.0: the food is always delicious , best great and knowledgeable well prepared and good !

gold: food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .
2.0: food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs ) .
3.0: food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs ) .
4.0: food was amazing ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs ) .
5.0: food was amazing ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs ) .
6.0: food was amazing ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs ) .
7.0: food is amazing ( still great ) , i always had the ribs !
8.0: food is amazing ( still great ) , especially the best i had !

gold: was busy , no biggie .
2.0: was n't busy , no biggie , busy but the music was .
3.0: was n't busy , great , sometimes the biggie .
4.0: was great , busy , great sometimes variety !
5.0: was great , nice and a busy , great random atmosphere !
6.0: was great , nice and great busy , sometimes variety !
7.0: nice is great , great busy , inexpensive brunch and a blast !
8.0: nice , great atmosphere and great variety , sometimes the capitol !

gold: the bathroom area is something special .
2.0: the bathroom area is great nothing special and the inside .
3.0: the bathroom area is great and good nothing special .
4.0: the bathroom area is great and good lunch special is always cute .
5.0: the great area is great and good brunch is always cute !
6.0: the great area is great and good brunch is always cute !
7.0: the great area is great and awesome everything special is always cute !
8.0: the great area is great and always cute nice atmosphere and reasonable !

gold: thank goodness the room he found did n't <UNK> of smoke !
2.0: this room that we also found staff reeked of smoke !
3.0: this room that we also found staff reeked of smoke !
4.0: this room that he also found has reeked of smoke !
5.0: this room that he also found has reeked of smoke !
6.0: this room that he also found has beautiful outdoor seating and nuts !
7.0: this room that he also found has beautiful outdoor seating and nuts !
8.0: this room that he also found has beautiful outdoor seating and nuts !

gold: the food there is great compared to buffet standards .
2.0: also , the food is n't there is great even by buffet standards .
3.0: also , the food is great that there is n't even great buffet standards .
4.0: also , the food is great that there is n't even great buffet standards .
5.0: also , the food is great that there is great even by buffet standards .
6.0: also , the food is great that there is great even by buffet standards .
7.0: also , the food is great that there is great by huge buffet specials .
8.0: also , great food and there is great selection is great by visitors outside .

gold: i chose not to bring my business elsewhere .
2.0: so i brought my business elsewhere .
3.0: so i brought my business elsewhere .
4.0: so i brought my business elsewhere here !
5.0: so i enjoy my business elsewhere brought my friends and thanks !
6.0: so i enjoy my business center my local specials !
7.0: so i enjoy my business center great prices and recommend them !
8.0: so i enjoy my family business <UNK> and found great food !

gold: exhibit c : i would like more student service peeps
2.0: exhibit : no more great services c peeps .
3.0: exhibit : great more professional services savory peeps you feel .
4.0: exhibit : great more of your services peeps jewelry needs .
5.0: exhibit : great more of your services peeps jewelry needs .
6.0: exhibit : great more very quick services c peeps !
7.0: randy gives great more and great local services here extra projects .
8.0: randy gives great more and great local services here extra projects !

gold: this was n't disappointing from my original favorite .
2.0: so nice & delicious an excellent old favorite for brunch .
3.0: so nice & delicious an excellent healthy dinner on a fantastic drink .
4.0: so nice & delicious an excellent healthy dinner on a fantastic drink .
5.0: so nice & delicious an excellent healthy drink from great fresh .
6.0: so nice fun healthy and great beers on an interesting family & great .
7.0: so nice fun healthy & great wine selection is an delicious vegetarian .
8.0: always nice fun healthy and great beers enjoy your delicious & a must !

gold: did n't have to wait long
2.0: it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
3.0: it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a great wait .
4.0: it shows on a saturday night because there is a great wait so .
5.0: it shows on a saturday night because there is a great wait so .
6.0: it shows on a saturday night because there is a great wait so .
7.0: it shows on a great saturday night which is a great spot so !
8.0: it shows on a great saturday night which is a great spot so !

gold: the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill
2.0: tzatziki sauce had way too much sauce in it fluffy .
3.0: tzatziki sauce had way too much sauce and fluffy it in .
4.0: tzatziki sauce had way too much sauce and fluffy it in it .
5.0: tzatziki sauce had way too much knowledge and it 's in the area .
6.0: tzatziki sauce had way too much knowledge and it 's the spot !
7.0: tucked away had very delicious lunch spot and ohh it in the lot !
8.0: tucked away had a great job and perfectly salted it 's !

gold: texture of the meat was perfect
2.0: the texture of the meat just looked and tasted great and wrong .
3.0: the texture of the meat just looked and tasted great and perfectly .
4.0: the texture of the meat just looked and tasted great and perfectly .
5.0: the texture of the meat just looked and everything tasted great and good !
6.0: the cuts of the meat just looked great and everything tasted awesome !
7.0: great cuts of the truly great and healthy food and tastes great !
8.0: great cuts of the truly great and healthy food and tastes great !

gold: i will go back to the salon
2.0: i will never visit the salon again the salon .
3.0: i will always visit the salon again and love the everyone !
4.0: i will always visit the salon <UNK> and love everyone !
5.0: i will always visit the salon <UNK> and everyone love the area !
6.0: i will always visit the salon <UNK> and everyone love the area !
7.0: i will always enjoy the salon <UNK> and everyone love the pittsburgh !
8.0: i will always enjoy the salon <UNK> and everyone love the pittsburgh spot !

gold: they received lots of stars
2.0: they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
3.0: they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
4.0: they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
5.0: they only have received one star because you 'll provide a full rating .
6.0: they only have received one star because you 'll provide a lot to !
7.0: they only have received a star because you always enjoyed a provide one !
8.0: they only have received a family which you provide to a great star !

gold: i would visit there again if the price was right
2.0: i would n't go back there again i recommend it !
3.0: i would n't go back there again soon !
4.0: i would n't go back there again soon !
5.0: i would definitely go back there again soon !
6.0: i would great place back there again soon !
7.0: i would great place back there and everyone else i love !
8.0: i would great place back there and everyone else a reasonable price !

gold: they are usually very warm
2.0: this was by far the rudest person i spoke with ease .
3.0: this was by far the rudest person i spoke with ease .
4.0: this was by far the wonderful team i enjoyed calling in .
5.0: this was by far the wonderful team & i enjoyed making a smile .
6.0: this was helpful for the team able to find a fairly pleased .
7.0: this was helpful for the beautiful team able to enjoy a meeting .
8.0: this was helpful for the beautiful team able to enjoy a meeting .

gold: the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough
2.0: the rest of their food is edible but their employees are great and service .
3.0: the rest of their food is edible but their employees are great and service .
4.0: the rest of their food is awesome and their employees are always great service .
5.0: the rest of their food is awesome and their employees are always great service .
6.0: the rest of their food is great and especially their fresh and service are .
7.0: the rest of their food is great and especially their fresh and always great .
8.0: the rest of their food is great and unique service and always great fresh .

gold: the food was different
2.0: as for the food , never had it great food .
3.0: as for the food , definitely had it great selection !
4.0: as for the food , definitely love it had the best !
5.0: as for the food , definitely love it and had it !
6.0: as great food , and definitely love it had the best !
7.0: and great food , love it as always enjoy the spot !
8.0: and great food , great spot for everyone love it !

gold: the tech did not <UNK> mention this
2.0: however , the tech said nothing to me about this to me .
3.0: however , the tech said nothing to me about this and it .
4.0: however , the tech said nothing to me about this and great .
5.0: love the tech , excellent staff to me and found this about .
6.0: love the tech , excellent staff and great atmosphere to everyone !
7.0: love the tech , excellent everyone and great atmosphere to me !
8.0: love the great haircut and excellent atmosphere - everyone to me and great !

gold: i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .
2.0: i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
3.0: i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
4.0: i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
5.0: i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
6.0: i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
7.0: i 'm from the bay area and this is a disappointment and over priced .
8.0: i 'm from the bay area and this is a disappointment and over priced .

gold: my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .
2.0: my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken box and i ordered the bento box sashimi .
3.0: my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken box and i love the bento box sashimi .
4.0: my favorite teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi and the bento box .
5.0: my favorite teriyaki chicken bento box and i love the sashimi and ordered the !
6.0: my favorite teriyaki chicken bento box and i love the sashimi and the bento box .
7.0: my favorite teriyaki chicken love the bento box and i love the sashimi bento box !
8.0: my favorite teriyaki chicken love the bento box and i love the sashimi bento box !

gold: i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
2.0: i ordered garlic bread and pasta fettuccine alfredo with vegetables .
3.0: i ordered garlic bread and pasta fettuccine alfredo with vegetables and salad .
4.0: i love garlic bread and pasta fettuccine alfredo with vegetables and pasta !
5.0: i love garlic bread and pasta fettuccine alfredo with vegetables and pasta !
6.0: i love awesome pasta and garlic bread with fettuccine alfredo and vegetables !
7.0: i love awesome pasta and perfectly alfredo wine with eggplant pasta !
8.0: i love great pasta and perfectly superb wine list with alfredo !

gold: it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !
2.0: it does not take that long to cook sliders outside !
3.0: it does not take that long to cook sliders outside !
4.0: it does not take that good to cook sliders outside !
5.0: it does take great that to long cook sliders and pineapple !
6.0: it does great take that good and cook sliders to long waits !
7.0: it does great that take good and cook sliders to drink !
8.0: it does great and take good that long cook sliders !

gold: the sandwich was great .
2.0: the sandwich was not that great .
3.0: the sandwich was great and that great not the best sandwich .
4.0: the sandwich was great and that great the sandwich was excellent .
5.0: the sandwich was great and that great great !
6.0: the sandwich was great and great that always tasty .
7.0: the sandwich was great and great that always tasty !
8.0: the sandwich was great and great that always yummy and great !

gold: the man stopped her .
2.0: the man did not stop her the stop and her .
3.0: the man did not stop her the stop and efficient .
4.0: the man did always stop her great and enjoy the evening .
5.0: the man did always stop great and her family loved it !
6.0: the man did always stop great and her family loved it !
7.0: the ambiance is always great stop and everyone loved the az !
8.0: the ambiance is great and truly found the perfect stop and efficient !

gold: um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance !
2.0: um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
3.0: um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
4.0: um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
5.0: um ... we just found him that we did n't want to watch .
6.0: um ... we found just brian ... we did so great cozy and happy .
7.0: um ... we found great wine and we really enjoyed you so excited .
8.0: chris and we found great beers ... so we found our fresh stuffed .

gold: tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .
2.0: really tasted old , i could n't believe it .
3.0: really tasted old , i could n't believe it spot .
4.0: really tasted good , i could n't believe it spot !
5.0: really tasty , i could n't believe it has worked here !
6.0: really nice selection , i 've always tasted authentic dive which !
7.0: really nice selection , i 've always inexpensive which it gets !
8.0: really nice selection , i 've always inexpensive lunch which it awesome !

gold: it is also very affordable , just to my taste .
2.0: it is also quite expensive for my taste it .
3.0: it is also quite expensive for my taste it .
4.0: it is also quite expensive for my taste it .
5.0: it is also quite expensive for my taste the world .
6.0: it is also quite expensive for my taste the world .
7.0: it is also quite expensive for my taste the world .
8.0: it is also quite expensive for my taste the world .

gold: food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .
2.0: food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
3.0: food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
4.0: food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
5.0: food is alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
6.0: food is alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu items .
7.0: food is alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu !
8.0: food is awesome maybe we should have enjoyed the mexican menu off town !

gold: the brownie dessert was to die for
2.0: lastly but not , their desert brownie and crab ... was phenomenal .
3.0: lastly but not , their desert brownie and crab ... was phenomenal .
4.0: lastly but not , their desert brownie and crab ... was phenomenal .
5.0: lastly but not least , their desert cake was ... meh ... .
6.0: lastly and always fresh , their desert brownie ... is phenomenal ... .
7.0: lastly and always fresh , their desert brownie and ... was phenomenal !
8.0: lastly and always fresh , their french dip ... desert was amazing !

gold: the restaurant had a lot of style
2.0: it shows that this restaurant has great class no matter .
3.0: it shows that this restaurant has great class and wonderful shows .
4.0: it shows that this restaurant has great class and wonderful shows .
5.0: it shows that this restaurant has great class and wonderful shows !
6.0: it shows that this restaurant has great class and wonderful diverse !
7.0: it shows that this restaurant has great class and wonderful family !
8.0: this shows that great restaurant and it has a wonderful class !

gold: the addressed all the broken items
2.0: one thing broken after they do n't care to address another spots .
3.0: one thing once - they do n't care another great deals to watch .
4.0: one thing once - they do n't care extra to watch spots .
5.0: great quality ice cream , they do one thing to watch spots .
6.0: great quality ice cream , they also want great spots to address .
7.0: great local spots where they bring your great care to watch sports !
8.0: great local spots where they bring your great haircut and easy to care .

gold: the restaurant has been great throughout the years
2.0: we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
3.0: we 've been to this long established restaurant many times restaurant .
4.0: we 've been to this great restaurant many established neighborhood times .
5.0: we 've been to great restaurant many established neighborhood town restaurant !
6.0: we 've been to great restaurant tasty spring mountain style restaurant !
7.0: we 've been to great restaurant enjoy many local tasty cuisines !
8.0: we 've been great to enjoy a great local restaurant & many <UNK> !

gold: my plate was full of food
2.0: my plate looked nearly empty except for the small container of the cole slaw .
3.0: my plate looked nearly empty except for the small container of the cole slaw .
4.0: my plate looked small container except for the beautiful small portion of nearly cole slaw .
5.0: my plate looked reasonably priced except for the small container of the glass pieces .
6.0: my plate looked reasonably priced small except for the good glass of gnocchi !
7.0: my fiance goes reasonably priced small and good for the beautiful vanilla custard each !
8.0: my fiance reasonably priced nicely except for the good small portion including the crepe !

gold: when i arrived , someone was at the desk .
2.0: when i arrived , no one was at the desk .
3.0: when i arrived , no one was at the desk and park .
4.0: when i arrived , great one was at the desk and park .
5.0: when i arrived , great one was at the desk and beautiful .
6.0: when i arrived , great always , great at the <UNK> was reasonable .
7.0: when i worked , great always , great at the valley and helpful .
8.0: when i worked , great always recommend great and the market at !

gold: we gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .
2.0: we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .
3.0: we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .
4.0: we gave it another team make up on we got and again .
5.0: we gave it another team make up on we got and loved it .
6.0: we gave it another team make up spot and we love everyone !
7.0: we gave it another great team make up and we love everyone !
8.0: we gave it another great spot making friends and we love it !

gold: even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .
2.0: even the ice cream was very very , very run of the mill .
3.0: even the ice cream was very very very run of the mill .
4.0: even the ice cream was very very very affordable , the run of town .
5.0: even the ice cream was very very great , run of the mill .
6.0: very beautiful ice cream , very very great and the outdoor selection of town .
7.0: very beautiful ice cream , very very great and amazingly of the work .
8.0: very beautiful shop , very affordable and very great laid of the valley .

gold: wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .
2.0: wendy 's has been to be cheap with their drink refills for years .
3.0: wendy 's has been great to be cheap with their drink refills for years .
4.0: wendy 's has been great to be cheap with their drink refills for years .
5.0: wendy 's has been great to be happy with their cheap drink refills !
6.0: wendy 's has been great to be happy with their cheap drink specials !
7.0: wendy 's has been great to be happy with their cheap drink specials !
8.0: wendy 's has been great to be happy with their drink refills for years !

gold: as soon as they delivered i was in awe .
2.0: as soon as i delivered they was like ugh .
3.0: as soon as i delivered they 're like ugh is awesome .
4.0: as soon as i delivered they 're truly impressed for everyday .
5.0: as soon as i delivered they 're truly impressed for everyday .
6.0: as soon as i delivered they 're truly impressed for quiet !
7.0: as soon as i delivered they truly is awesome for quiet !
8.0: as soon as they delivered i truly enjoyed is awesome and authentic !

gold: the service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .
2.0: the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .
3.0: the service is fantastic and the restaurant is just average and helpful .
4.0: the service is fantastic and the restaurant is just awesome and reasonably priced .
5.0: the service is fantastic and the restaurant is great and just perfectly .
6.0: the service is fantastic and the restaurant is great and always happy .
7.0: the service is fantastic and the menu is great and everyone is happy .
8.0: the service is great and the menu is always happy and affordable .

gold: this is so good , that i guarantee i could n't have cooked it better !
2.0: but i sure wish i could have cooked this one dish .
3.0: but i sure wish its cooked this place has one rest .
4.0: but i sure ca n't have cooked this one of my favorites !
5.0: but i sure added how awesome this has a top notch night !
6.0: but i sure added organic cooked this place one they have !
7.0: but i sure added organic and have a great value !
8.0: but i sure added organic and have a great value !

gold: this was great , is all i can say .
2.0: just terrible is all i can say is all .
3.0: just good is all i can say is wonderful .
4.0: just good is great all i can say is everyone .
5.0: just good is great all i can say is everyone .
6.0: just good is great all i can say is <UNK> .
7.0: best happy is always great all i can find something wonderful .
8.0: best happy is always great <UNK> is all where i enjoy .

gold: i bet they have a fountain machine on site !
2.0: did they have a great machine on site fountain machine ?
3.0: did they have a great machine on site fountain machine ( ? )
4.0: did they have a great machine on site fountain ( machine ! )
5.0: did they have a great machine on site fountain ( machine ! )
6.0: did they have a great selection on site fountain machine ( ? )
7.0: did they have a great selection on site fountain machine ( ! )
8.0: did they have a great selection on site fountain machine and machine !

gold: his egg sandwiches smell good and i like the texture .
2.0: his sandwiches guys are plentiful and noticed so flavorful and educational .
3.0: his sandwiches guys are fantastic and vibrant and design are incredibly nice .
4.0: his sandwiches guys are fantastic and vibrant and design are incredibly nice .
5.0: his sandwiches always live outdoor patio and rex are so sweet and flavorful .
6.0: his sandwiches always live outdoor patio and rex are so sweet and flavorful .
7.0: his sandwiches always love myers park and sweet and are so great !
8.0: his sandwiches always love barb 's and fresh and plentiful love gentle !

gold: this was a great place to go
2.0: go , stay and , go to cheesecake factory instead .
3.0: go , stay and delicious , cheesecake factory to instead .
4.0: go , delicious and , one cheesecake to dine around .
5.0: great food , and go to cheesecake factory also soon .
6.0: great food , and delicious , cheesecake factory to go instead .
7.0: great food , and delicious , cheesecake definitely go to scottsdale instead .
8.0: great food , and delicious , cheesecake definitely a while visiting charlotte !

gold: we love every moment we were there
2.0: we stood there in shock , because we never expected this place .
3.0: we stood there in shock , because we never expected this place .
4.0: we stood there in shock , because we never expected this place .
5.0: we stood there in shock , because we always expected this great .
6.0: we stood there in shock , because we always knew this restaurant .
7.0: we stood there in shock , which definitely knew this restaurant always !
8.0: we stood there in scottsdale , which always knew this great actually !

gold: eaten there many times , great place
2.0: i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .
3.0: i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .
4.0: i 've eaten here many times , but none as good as bad as .
5.0: i 've eaten here many times , but none as good as last night .
6.0: i 've eaten here many times , but none as good as last night .
7.0: i 've eaten here many times , but as usual tasty as good service .
8.0: i 've eaten here many times , but as usual great as good prices .

gold: the place was quick and i was the only one
2.0: even takes way too long even if you 're always the one there .
3.0: even takes way too long even if you 're always the one there .
4.0: always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .
5.0: always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .
6.0: always takes way too long even if you 're the one of there .
7.0: always takes even way too long if you 're always the one there .
8.0: always takes even way too long if you 're always the one there .

gold: everyone paid at the same time
2.0: however , everyone else after their nails paid were completed .
3.0: however , everyone else helped me after their nails were completed .
4.0: however , everyone else helped me enjoy their nails were completed !
5.0: thanks everyone , enjoy quality flowers and their completed are reasonable !
6.0: thanks everyone , enjoy quality flowers and their completed are reasonable !
7.0: thanks everyone , enjoy quality flowers and their completed so reasonable !
8.0: thanks everyone , enjoy quality flowers and their completed so reasonable !

gold: i will be ordering the benedict again very good meal !
2.0: so , that was my only one and ordering the time there side .
3.0: so , that was my only one and ordering the time there side !
4.0: so , that was my only one and great time ordering the valley !
5.0: so , that is my top and one of the best ordering food here .
6.0: so , that is my top and great family owned and the time there .
7.0: so , that is my top and great family owned and the time !
8.0: so , that and my top great family and excellent sports time here !

gold: overall i love this place very much
2.0: overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much very good .
3.0: overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much very good .
4.0: overall , i enjoy very much the place and very great enjoy .
5.0: overall , i enjoy very much place and the enjoy very great !
6.0: overall , i enjoy very inexpensive place and the outside very great !
7.0: overall , i enjoy very inexpensive place and the outside very great !
8.0: overall , i enjoy very quiet place and the enjoy great feel !

gold: the employee apologized and was very sincere .
2.0: one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
3.0: one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
4.0: one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
5.0: one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
6.0: one of the employees apologized , but it 's very sincere and great !
7.0: of the great price apologized , but it has a blast and very great .
8.0: of the great beer selection , but it 's very great and blast !

gold: they were so quick and they get you in very quickly .
2.0: there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
3.0: there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
4.0: there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
5.0: there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
6.0: there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
7.0: there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
8.0: there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .

gold: i would rate this <UNK> stars !
2.0: is zero stars an option for a ?
3.0: is you an option a zero stars is ?
4.0: is an amazing option a zero stars is an option !
5.0: is an asian lunch special option is a french star !
6.0: is an asian lunch special option is a french place !
7.0: is an authentic italian lunch spot is a plus here !
8.0: is an authentic italian lunch spot which is a plus !

gold: in the long run , they were so helpful
2.0: in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me in .
3.0: in the long run , they did absolutely beautiful nothing for me .
4.0: in the long run , they did absolutely beautiful work with me .
5.0: in the great style , they absolutely did fresh ingredients and all !
6.0: great run the style , they absolutely did great work with me !
7.0: great run the style , they absolutely great for everyone absolutely loved me !
8.0: great town , the style , they absolutely great for everyone such fresh !

gold: story began at noon today , right on time
2.0: but this let me story behind begin at noon today .
3.0: but this let me story behind phx on weekends lol .
4.0: but this let me find story today at hiro sushi spot !
5.0: but this story let me choose from story yelp everyday !
6.0: but this story located at hiro sushi spot on tap area !
7.0: but this story located at hiro sushi spot on tap which !
8.0: but this story located at vincent 's birthday gem while especially here !

gold: i should shop here more often
2.0: seriously though , i have never shopped here regularly .
3.0: seriously though , i have never shopped here regularly .
4.0: seriously though , i have always shopped here regularly .
5.0: seriously though , i have always liked here everyday !
6.0: seriously though , i have always enjoyed donuts here and phoenix !
7.0: fantastic though , i have definitely always enjoyed every time you donuts !
8.0: fantastic donuts , i have always enjoyed every time i love games !

gold: one of the gems in the valley
2.0: it is the absolute best place in the valley in the valley .
3.0: it is the absolute best place in the valley in the valley .
4.0: it is the absolute best place in the valley in the valley .
5.0: it is the absolute best place in the valley in the neighborhood .
6.0: it is the absolute best place in the valley neighborhood in the area .
7.0: it is the absolute best place in the valley neighborhood in the spot .
8.0: it is the absolute best place in the valley neighborhood in the spot .

gold: their inventory was top notch , great selections
2.0: but their inventory was questionable !
3.0: but their inventory was questionable , their product is full !
4.0: but their inventory was questionable , their product is full !
5.0: but their inventory was questionable , their product is full !
6.0: but their inventory was questionable and their product is wonderful !
7.0: but their inventory was questionable and their craft overall !
8.0: but their inventory was questionable and delicious seating !

gold: chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .
2.0: chicken fried chicken was good but the macaroni green chili and cheese was good .
3.0: chicken fried chicken was good but the macaroni green chili and cheese was great .
4.0: chicken fried chicken was good but the macaroni green chili and cheese is great .
5.0: chicken fried chicken good but the macaroni green chili and cheese is great !
6.0: good chicken fried great but favorite green chili macaroni and cheese is good !
7.0: good chicken great good but great green chili macaroni and cheese is really good !
8.0: good chicken great good especially the great macaroni and hot pastrami & nice !

gold: so he can charge a reasonable price for them .
2.0: so he can charge a fortune for them bloody for dinner .
3.0: so he can charge a fortune for them bloody for dinner !
4.0: so he can charge a fortune for them bloody for dinner !
5.0: so he can charge a fortune for making them bloody for dinner !
6.0: so he can make a fortune special for them bloody and eat !
7.0: so fresh can make a bloody marys for them and enjoy !
8.0: so fresh can make a yummy bloody marys for them !

gold: were we <UNK> her or something ?
2.0: we were her or something for our irritating family ( ? )
3.0: we were her or something for our eye contact ?
4.0: we are our fav and her something for dessert !
5.0: we are our fav and her something for dessert !
6.0: we are our knowledgable and her family or something we 've seen !
7.0: we are our knowledgable and her family or something we 've enjoyed !
8.0: we are great especially for your something fun or kat !

gold: this place has delighted me once again .
2.0: this place has pissed me off for the last time .
3.0: this place has pissed me off for the last time .
4.0: this place has amazing pissed me off for the last time !
5.0: this place has amazing flowers off for the last time and town !
6.0: this place has amazing flowers off for the local bar and back !
7.0: this place has amazing flowers off for the local bar and back !
8.0: this place has amazing flowers off for the local bar and enjoyed !

gold: sign a lease with these people immediately .
2.0: do not sign a lease with these people who work .
3.0: do not sign a lease with these people who work .
4.0: do not sign a local lease with these people who come here .
5.0: do not sign a local brews with these people who come here .
6.0: do always sign a local brews with these people who come here !
7.0: do great sign with a local brews and most sushi places !
8.0: do great local spot with a decade and everyone who love wine !

gold: the trip is to die for
2.0: do n't waste the trip .
3.0: do n't love the trip here the <UNK> .
4.0: do n't love the special trip !
5.0: love the great spot and the <UNK> treat !
6.0: love the great spot and the <UNK> treat !
7.0: love the great spot and the <UNK> treat you so fabulous !
8.0: great friendly staff and the special <UNK> treat !

gold: every entree came out perfect
2.0: had to one entree returned because too cold too .
3.0: had to one entree because one returned too cold ... .
4.0: had to one entree because one returned too cold and delicious !
5.0: had to one entree because great returned too - cold !
6.0: had to great entree because one especially as well too sweet !
7.0: great to bring one entree because great beers too and tasty !
8.0: great to bring good entree because great beers and too spicy !

gold: the restroom was clean
2.0: the restroom was a great mess .
3.0: the shop was a great pick up a wines .
4.0: the shop was a great pick an excellent arcade games .
5.0: the shop was a great find a seasonal regularly .
6.0: the shop is a great find unique wines and the veggies were great .
7.0: the shop is a great find unique products and a great cozy .
8.0: the menu is a great find unique choices and a great feels .

gold: i always have a good experience
2.0: i mean that 's been my experience a lot of food !
3.0: i mean that 's been my experience a great food !
4.0: i mean that 's been my experience a great food !
5.0: i mean that 's been my favorite experience !
6.0: i mean that 's been my favorite experience !
7.0: i mean that 's been my favorite experience and the <UNK> !
8.0: i love that 's been my favorite specials and it 's !

gold: the beef taco was really good
2.0: the beef taco was good but nothing special .
3.0: the beef taco was good but nothing special .
4.0: the beef taco was good but nothing special good .
5.0: the beef taco was good but great special nothing special .
6.0: the good beef was good but great special nothing special .
7.0: the good beef was good but great special lunch flavors .
8.0: the good beef is great and good special both delicious !

gold: either way i would recommend buying from camping world .
2.0: either way i would never recommend buying from camping world candy .
3.0: either way i would recommend ever met from camping and buying world .
4.0: either way i would recommend ever met from camping and buying world .
5.0: either way i would recommend ever met from camping and buying world .
6.0: either way i would recommend definitely buying from camping and world candy .
7.0: either way i would recommend definitely buying from camping and world candy .
8.0: either way i would recommend great and comfortable buying camping from world !

gold: excited , i went to sit down and wait for my order .
2.0: i went to sit down and wait for my order my meal .
3.0: i went to sit down and wait for my order great .
4.0: i went to sit down and wait for my order and great .
5.0: i went to sit down and wait for my order and great !
6.0: i always go to sit down and enjoy my great wait for it .
7.0: i always enjoy great and quick seating and great for my dinner !
8.0: i always great and sit down and enjoy great wait for my spot !

gold: its also a very clean park .
2.0: its also not a very clean park very park and clean .
3.0: its also a very clean very park and always clean .
4.0: its also a very clean very park and beautiful family .
5.0: its also a very clean great park and always enjoy it .
6.0: its also a very clean great park and always enjoy it .
7.0: its also a very great clean park and perfectly its a great spot .
8.0: its also a very great clean park and perfectly great everyone !

gold: i called and got an immediate response .
2.0: i tried to call repeatedly with no response from the maintenance .
3.0: i tried to call repeatedly with a great response .
4.0: i tried to call repeatedly with a great response purchase .
5.0: i tried to call repeatedly with a great response !
6.0: i love to call repeatedly with a great response !
7.0: i love to call repeatedly with a great response !
8.0: i love to call repeatedly with a great response purchase !

gold: they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .
2.0: they charged me for work not done , and installed parts and not .
3.0: they work for me not done , work and installed parts and not .
4.0: they work for me not done , and installed parts and not alterations .
5.0: they work for me done , great job and installed everything and alterations .
6.0: they work with me done great for work , and not installed everything .
7.0: they work with me done great for work , and installed excellent results .
8.0: they work taking care for all done , and fabulous work and alterations !

gold: it does n't look old or outdated
2.0: it looks old and outdated and cute .
3.0: it looks old and outdated and cute .
4.0: it looks old and quiet and it 's excellent .
5.0: it looks fresh and affordable and it 's very good with art .
6.0: it looks fresh and affordable and it 's very good and welcoming .
7.0: it has great menu and creative <UNK> are so clean and personable .
8.0: it has great menu and creative <UNK> very clean and cozy .

gold: he returned my call
2.0: he did not return my call either every month ago .
3.0: he did not return my call either every time i found !
4.0: he did always return my great call either and reasonable prices !
5.0: he did always return my great wine list and enjoyed done !
6.0: he did always return my great wine list and enjoyed done !
7.0: he will always return my great local find yummy art and town !
8.0: he will always return my great local find and reasonable prices !

gold: if you travel a lot stay at this hotel
2.0: if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .
3.0: if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel for it .
4.0: if you travel a lot do great stay at this hotel for you .
5.0: if you travel a lot stay there do always enjoy this hotel .
6.0: if you travel a lot you do always stay at this hotel .
7.0: if you travel a lot you feel great at this hotel and enjoy it .
8.0: if you travel a lot great feel so you enjoy this at lunch .

gold: i do n't mind waiting for hot food
2.0: i would rather wait for hot food than it cold and have soggy .
3.0: i would rather wait for hot food than it have cold and soggy .
4.0: i would rather wait for hot food than it have cold and soggy .
5.0: i would rather wait for hot food than it all and have fabulous !
6.0: i would rather enjoy hot for food than it and always have tasty !
7.0: i can rather enjoy hot food for good bar and it always tasty !
8.0: i can always enjoy hot food for tasty and it always freshly prepared !

gold: the food here is n't bland or boring
2.0: the food here is amazing and boring and fresh and great .
3.0: the food here is amazing and creative and fresh and great atmosphere .
4.0: the food here is great and creative and fresh and super good .
5.0: the food here is great and creative and fresh and super good .
6.0: the food here is great and creative and fresh and great atmosphere .
7.0: the food here is great and creative french friends and great happy spot .
8.0: the food here is great and creative french friends and great happy spot .

gold: this one is right on the ball .
2.0: this one is not on the ball of the burgh .
3.0: this one is always on the ball strip mall .
4.0: this one is great on the ball town .
5.0: this one is great on the ball town and the outdoor patio !
6.0: great price is always on the ball favorite and the outdoor hummus !
7.0: great price is always on the campus and great cafe is the ball !
8.0: great price is great and always enjoy the campus <UNK> and great !

gold: for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !
2.0: for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
3.0: for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
4.0: for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
5.0: for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
6.0: for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
7.0: for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
8.0: for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !

gold: the tow package is just great , too .
2.0: the package is an excellent issue for the tow package either .
3.0: the package is an excellent tow package either issue here .
4.0: the package is an excellent tow package is either issue !
5.0: the tow package is an excellent issue both the alterations special !
6.0: the tow package is an excellent issue and reasonably priced either .
7.0: the catering is great and an excellent package which is awesome !
8.0: the catering is great and an excellent brunch dishes which is great !

gold: never crowded , plenty of <UNK> to have a good time .
2.0: very crowded , have to a chance to actually have a good time .
3.0: very crowded , have to a chance to actually have a good time .
4.0: very crowded , have to a chance to actually have a good time .
5.0: very crowded , have to a chance to actually have a good time .
6.0: very crowded , have to a chance to actually have a good time .
7.0: very crowded , have to a chance to actually have a good time .
8.0: very crowded , have to a chance to actually have a good time .

gold: i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .
2.0: i think it 's best employees when act that way they taste .
3.0: i think it 's best employees act that when they taste way .
4.0: i think it 's best employees act that when everyone makes me .
5.0: i think it 's best employees act that when everyone makes a bit .
6.0: i think it 's best employees act that when everyone makes a bit .
7.0: i think it 's best coffee shop that usually makes the way home .
8.0: i think it 's best products when local act that makes you feel .

gold: i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .
2.0: i 'll keep looking for a different salon a different salon .
3.0: i 'll keep looking for a different salon a different salon .
4.0: i 'll keep looking for a different salon a different salon .
5.0: i 'll keep looking for a different salon a quiet location .
6.0: i 'll keep looking for a different salon a quiet location .
7.0: i 'll keep looking for a different salon a quiet location .
8.0: i 'll keep looking for a great different salon !

gold: you can not pay me to not ever shop here !
2.0: you can not pay me to ever shop here again !
3.0: you can not pay me to ever shop here again !
4.0: you can always pay me to shop here ever shop !
5.0: you can always pay me to shop here ever shop !
6.0: you can always pay me to shop here ever shop !
7.0: you can always pay me to shop here ever shop !
8.0: you can always pay me to shop here and shop ever !

gold: french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .
2.0: french toast plate was good , eggs , mom said but were cold .
3.0: french toast plate was good , eggs , mom said but were perfect .
4.0: french toast plate was good , eggs , mom and said were great .
5.0: french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs are great .
6.0: french toast plate was good , great mom , and eggs are good !
7.0: french toast plate was great , good eggs , and crispy , great !
8.0: french toast makes great mom , good eggs , and cakes are great !

gold: now the food : not bad , above average .
2.0: now the food : not horrible , but below average and consistent .
3.0: now the food : not great , but below average and consistent .
4.0: now the food : not great , but below average and consistent .
5.0: now the food : great , but always below average and consistent .
6.0: now the food : great , always consistent and below average !
7.0: now the food is always great , but authentic : below average !
8.0: reasonable food : great , always tasty but authentic and below average !

gold: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
2.0: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
3.0: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
4.0: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
5.0: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
6.0: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
7.0: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
8.0: this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my home .

gold: i want to give this a <UNK> out of <UNK> star rating .
2.0: great atmosphere is in what want to give stars .
3.0: great atmosphere is in what kind and want to give .
4.0: great atmosphere is in what amazing and give is always happy .
5.0: great atmosphere is awesome and in what give is always happy .
6.0: great atmosphere is awesome and in love what kind is found !
7.0: great atmosphere is awesome and found in town for everyone is really unique !
8.0: great atmosphere is awesome and found in town and enjoy always <UNK> .

gold: when it came we were so happy .
2.0: when it came we should have sent it back together .
3.0: when it came we should have sent it back together .
4.0: when it came we should have sent it back and came !
5.0: when it came we should have met it back and it looks !
6.0: when it came we have met it and it 's a terrific place !
7.0: when it came we have met it and it 's a terrific place !
8.0: when it came we have met it and it 's a terrific place !

gold: the equipment is very new and looks good .
2.0: the equipment is so old and looks dirty and looks fantastic .
3.0: the equipment is so fresh and looks old and dirty .
4.0: the equipment is so fresh and looks fantastic and everyone is delicious .
5.0: the equipment is so great and looks interesting and perfectly priced .
6.0: the equipment is so great and looks interesting and perfectly priced .
7.0: the equipment is so great and everyone looks fantastic and quick .
8.0: the equipment is so great and everyone looks very quick and friendly .

gold: im willing to take the chance !
2.0: i 'm not willing to take the chance the chance .
3.0: i 'm not willing to take the chance the neighborhood !
4.0: i 'm always willing to take the chance and enjoy the prices .
5.0: i 'm always willing to take the chance and enjoy the feel !
6.0: i 'm very willing to take the chance and enjoy the feel !
7.0: i 'm very willing to take the chance and enjoy the feel !
8.0: i 'm very pleased and the chance to take the neighborhood !

gold: this place smelt new and fresh .
2.0: this place smelt like old fashioned 's for some reason kids .
3.0: this place smelt like old fashioned 's for some reason kids .
4.0: this place smelt like old fashioned 's for some reason kids .
5.0: this place smelt like old fashioned 's for some reason kids .
6.0: this place smelt like old fashioned 's for a cool pittsburgh crowd .
7.0: this place offers amazing authentic for local welcome friends for some reason !
8.0: this place offers amazing authentic for local welcome friends and some reason !

gold: they always deliver and keep promises very happy customer
2.0: bottom line they over promise and under deliver promise .
3.0: bottom line they promise over and deliver under promise .
4.0: bottom line they promise and deliver over under promise .
5.0: bottom line they deliver and under promise and prepared perfectly .
6.0: quality ingredients i promise and enjoy prompt and deliver affordable prices .
7.0: quality ingredients i promise and enjoy affordable and deliver perfectly .
8.0: quality ingredients i promise and enjoy affordable and perfectly deliver !

gold: this is exactly what i was expecting !
2.0: i dont know why i was expecting anything different buying a better .
3.0: i dont know why i was expecting anything different visiting good .
4.0: i dont know why i was expecting anything different visiting phoenix .
5.0: i highly recommend why i was expecting anything different feeling good .
6.0: i highly recommend why i was expecting anything different feeling good .
7.0: i highly recommend why i was expecting anything different and tasty !
8.0: i highly recommend why i was expecting anything different and tasty !

gold: everything was so special about this place
2.0: nothing that special about this place that great .
3.0: nothing that special about this place that great .
4.0: nothing that good special about this place .
5.0: nothing that good special about this place great for everyone .
6.0: nothing that good special about this place great for everyone .
7.0: great that fresh special about this place and a awesome atmosphere .
8.0: great that fresh special and great atmosphere for a awesome menu .

gold: <UNK> accomplished everything
2.0: <UNK> 's on every occasion and failed every seat .
3.0: <UNK> 's on every occasion and failed every seat .
4.0: <UNK> 's on every occasion and failed every seat .
5.0: <UNK> 's on every occasion and <UNK> 's lovely part .
6.0: <UNK> 's on every occasion and <UNK> 's lovely part .
7.0: <UNK> 's on every occasion and <UNK> 's lovely part .
8.0: <UNK> 's on every occasion and <UNK> 's lovely part .

gold: the management cares so much for the golf experience .
2.0: management no longer cares about the golf experience the music .
3.0: management no longer cares about the golf experience the music .
4.0: plus it cares great golf about the local music experience .
5.0: plus the great personal experience during the golf club cares about it .
6.0: plus the great personal experience during the local jewelry here !
7.0: plus the great personal experience during the local jewelry here !
8.0: plus great local gem for the personal jewelry experience here !

gold: 20-30 % capacity at most , i enjoyed being the only one in the pool .
2.0: at most 20-30 % , i was the only one in the pool .
3.0: most importantly capacity was most , i always in the one the pool .
4.0: most importantly capacity is most , i always in the one the pool .
5.0: most importantly capacity is most , i always in the one the pool !
6.0: most importantly capacity is most , i always found the great in the price .
7.0: most importantly capacity is most , i always found the great in the town !
8.0: most importantly capacity is always , the most beautiful in the great find !

gold: the chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .
2.0: the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture and mushy .
3.0: the chow mein was very great and mushy texture had weird flavor .
4.0: the chow mein was very great and mushy texture and had weird .
5.0: the chow mein was very great and had mushy texture and weird .
6.0: the chow mein was very great and unique with great weird texture .
7.0: the chow mein was very great and unique with great weird ingredients .
8.0: the chow mein was very great and unique with great creative ingredients .

gold: found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .
2.0: found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .
3.0: found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .
4.0: found the place even though it is hard due to great signage .
5.0: found the place even though it is great due to crispy hard .
6.0: found the place even though it is great due to crispy lake .
7.0: place the found great place even though it is due to great crispy .
8.0: place always recommend the place even though it is great due to reasonable .

gold: am sure , and i care !
2.0: not sure and i do n't care i love both !
3.0: not sure and i do n't care and i love it !
4.0: i love and sure i do n't care and everyone !
5.0: i love and sure i always enjoy great care and awesome !
6.0: i love and sure i always enjoy great care and awesome !
7.0: i love and sure i always enjoy great care and everyone !
8.0: i love and sure i always enjoy great care and everyone !

gold: two hours of my life i was happy to give up .
2.0: two hours of my life i can always get back together .
3.0: two hours of my life i can always get back together .
4.0: fresh local hours of my life i can always get back .
5.0: fresh local style of my life i can always get back together .
6.0: fresh local style of my favorite spot i can always find lunch !
7.0: fresh local style of my favorite spot i can always find something !
8.0: fresh local style of a great selection and always enjoy lunch also !

gold: very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .
2.0: dropped off my red purse and black pair of new shoes .
3.0: dropped off my red purse and black pair of new shoes .
4.0: dropped off my red purse and most importantly three pair of shoes .
5.0: dropped off my red and black pair of shoes three purse in town .
6.0: dropped off my red and pair of shoes including a new gift ideas .
7.0: dropped off my red and pair of shoes including a new gift ideas !
8.0: dropped my red slice and comfy and authentic pair of new jewelry !

gold: very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .
2.0: very comfortable and would stay clear of this place for a favor .
3.0: very fresh and would recommend clear fans of this place .
4.0: very fresh and would recommend quiet atmosphere and great place for this evening .
5.0: very fresh and would recommend quiet atmosphere and great family of this place .
6.0: very fresh and great quiet atmosphere and great loved family of this place .
7.0: very great and fresh quiet atmosphere and great loved family owned and enjoyed !
8.0: very great and fresh quiet atmosphere great and loved family owned and great !

gold: service was great , very short wait time , highly recommend .
2.0: service : fair , great pace between courses - long waits for specials .
3.0: service : fair , great pace between courses - long waits for specials .
4.0: service : great , good pace - long waits between courses and reasonable .
5.0: service : great , fair servings are excellent and friendly root canal drinks .
6.0: service : great , fair servings are excellent and friendly root canal drinks .
7.0: service : great , fair servings are excellent and friendly root canal drinks .
8.0: service : great , fair servings are excellent and friendly enjoyed david drinks .

gold: very great time here for the 2nd time .
2.0: second time , not so good .
3.0: second time , so good , not good .
4.0: decent food , so good , always tasty and good .
5.0: decent food , so good , always tasty and good !
6.0: good food , so good , always tasty and good !
7.0: good food , so good and always tasty , awesome !
8.0: good food , so good and always tasty , awesome !

gold: the bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible
2.0: the bread was awesome and the dip was inedible .
3.0: the bread was awesome and the dip was inedible and phenomenal .
4.0: the bread was awesome and the dip was unique and delicious .
5.0: the bread was awesome and the dip is great and surprisingly delicious .
6.0: the bread was awesome and the dip is great and surprisingly delicious .
7.0: the bread is awesome and the proper dip was great and delicious !
8.0: the bread is great and the proper making great special was enjoyable !

gold: he readily offered another time for me to come in .
2.0: he did n't even offer me another time for come to in for .
3.0: he did n't even offer me another time for come to in for .
4.0: he did n't even offer me another time for come to in for .
5.0: he did n't even offer me another time for come to in for .
6.0: he did truly come offer another time for me to come in for .
7.0: he has truly great offer another time for me and come in for !
8.0: he has truly great offer unique time for me and come in for !

gold: what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?
2.0: what the hell are you doing are you ?
3.0: what the hell are you doing are you ?
4.0: what the hell are you doing are the best you treat ?
5.0: what the best you are doing you well ( sports bar ! )
6.0: what the best you are doing you well ( sports bar ! )
7.0: what the best you are doing great sports bar ... !
8.0: fresh the best and you are always plus kids enjoy <UNK> !

gold: the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
2.0: the lady at the front desk was very friendly and very helpful .
3.0: the lady at the front desk was very friendly and very helpful .
4.0: the lady at the front desk was very friendly and very great .
5.0: the lady at the front desk was very friendly and very great .
6.0: the lady at the front desk and everyone was very great friendly .
7.0: the lady at the great french desk and very friendly highly recommend !
8.0: the great service at the front desk and very great very friendly !

gold: i was impressed , and i 'd recommend this place .
2.0: i was not impressed , and would recommend this place to go .
3.0: i was excellent , and would recommend not impressed this place .
4.0: i was excellent , and would recommend , always impressed this place .
5.0: i was excellent , and impressed , would recommend this place and great .
6.0: i was excellent , and impressed , and would recommend this place .
7.0: i was excellent , and impressed and always recommend this place very nice .
8.0: i love town , and impressed and everyone was very nice and helpful .

gold: the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .
2.0: the dipping sauce was too sweet too awesome .
3.0: the dipping sauce was great too sweet too !
4.0: the dipping sauce is great too sweet for happy hour too !
5.0: the dipping sauce is great for sweet too and awesome happy !
6.0: the dipping sauce is great for sweet happy too !
7.0: the making great beers is always good too sweet and great valley !
8.0: the making great beers always good and sweet great happy with perfection !

gold: the cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .
2.0: finally , the cheese crisp was crisp and was tiny and anything .
3.0: finally , the cheese crisp was crisp and was tiny and anything .
4.0: finally , the cheese crisp was crisp and was great and anything crispy .
5.0: finally , the cheese crisp was crisp and was great and flavorful .
6.0: finally , the cheese crisp was crisp and great and was a reasonable !
7.0: finally , the cheese crisp was crisp and great and everyone is excellent !
8.0: finally , the cheese crisp was great and crisp and is great plus !

gold: i was able to use my certificate because it was good still .
2.0: i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
3.0: i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
4.0: i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
5.0: i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
6.0: i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
7.0: i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
8.0: i checked online , and the coupon site ingredients was great and good !

gold: truth truth be told !
2.0: liar , fire , pants on liar .
3.0: liar , fire , pants on weekends up !
4.0: liar , fire , pants on weekends !
5.0: mr. , liar , fire , on wednesday pants !
6.0: mr. , cute , kimberly , especially on fire friends !
7.0: dave , cute , soccer , on weekends pork and manicures !
8.0: dave , cute , pima dental style on weekends !

gold: very great parking signs very easy parking experience .
2.0: parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to you .
3.0: parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to you .
4.0: parking : great signs and anything , so you just have to guess .
5.0: parking : great signs and anything , so you just have to you .
6.0: parking : great and super interesting , so you have just to you .
7.0: parking : great and super interesting , so you have just good to you .
8.0: parking and great : super interesting , so you have just good options .

gold: this was a very great place to dine in at .
2.0: i should have stuck with chinese dining sun valley .
3.0: i should have stuck with chinese dining sun valley .
4.0: i should have stuck with chinese sun valley dining !
5.0: i have stuck with sun valley chinese dining choices !
6.0: i have stuck with great chinese dining choices are sun valley !
7.0: i have stuck with great gift cards and chinese dining !
8.0: i have family owned and meet with great sun valley dining !

gold: pretty great food and service .
2.0: not so great food and service great and food .
3.0: not so great food and service great and food .
4.0: not so great food and service great and food .
5.0: not so great food and service great and food .
6.0: not so great food and service and great food .
7.0: not so great food and service and great food .
8.0: not so great food and service and great food .

gold: this is an old vintage hotel .
2.0: this is an old worn out hotel shops .
3.0: this is an old worn out hotel shops .
4.0: this is an old great worn out hotel and good music .
5.0: this is an great old fashioned hotel out of phoenix .
6.0: this is an great old fashioned hotel out and good music .
7.0: this is an great old fashioned hotel out and good music .
8.0: this is an great old fashioned hotel out and good subs !

gold: the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .
2.0: the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .
3.0: the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .
4.0: the pizza is perfect and plentiful without it 's great toppings in spot .
5.0: the pizza is always terrific and welcoming it has great spot in healthy !
6.0: the pizza is always terrific and welcoming and it 's great spot in !
7.0: the pizza is always great and create great recommended it 's and enjoy !
8.0: the pizza is always great and create great recommended it and enjoy spot !

gold: the mechanics are very professional as usual .
2.0: the mechanics are very happy as usual amateur .
3.0: the mechanics are very happy as usual amateur ladies .
4.0: the mechanics are very happy as usual amateur ladies .
5.0: the mechanics are very happy as usual amateur ladies .
6.0: the mechanics are very happy as usual amateur ladies .
7.0: the mechanics are very happy as usual amateur ladies .
8.0: the mechanics are very happy as usual local instructors .

gold: this place is beyond a great place .
2.0: this place is definitely a shit hole in a beyond belief .
3.0: this place is definitely a beyond a shit hole .
4.0: this place is definitely a beyond a great neighborhood hole .
5.0: this place is always a great neighborhood sports beyond recommend process .
6.0: this place is always a great neighborhood sports bar is beyond unique .
7.0: this place is always a great neighborhood sports spot with terrific value .
8.0: this place is always a great neighborhood <UNK> spot with terrific team .

gold: this place is very nice with great service .
2.0: this place is a shit hole with shit service and shit service .
3.0: this place is a great shit hole with shit service .
4.0: this place is a great shit hole with terrific service and shit .
5.0: this place is a great shit with terrific service team and music .
6.0: this place is a great shit with terrific team service and perfection .
7.0: great place is a great team with terrific family and recommend central service .
8.0: great place is a great team with terrific family and recommend central spot .

gold: this turned out exactly how i thought it would .
2.0: however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .
3.0: however , it turned out to be like nothing i thought it would .
4.0: however , it turned out to be like nothing i thought it would .
5.0: however , it turned out to be good like it i thought it !
6.0: however , it turned out to be good <UNK> like it i love it .
7.0: however , it turned out to be good <UNK> and i love it !
8.0: however , it turned out good and authentic happy i thought it is great .

gold: went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .
2.0: went in back for brunch , still incorrect , adjustment .
3.0: went in back for brunch , still incorrect review obviously !
4.0: went in back for brunch , still <UNK> adjustment and thorough !
5.0: went in back for brunch , still <UNK> tour !
6.0: went in back for brunch , definitely discover hidden gems !
7.0: went in back for brunch , definitely finding new style and wholesome !
8.0: went in back for <UNK> , light rail and still loving friends !

gold: the service was amazing .
2.0: service was just as easy as wonderful .
3.0: service was just as always enjoyed his birthday was awesome .
4.0: service was always as beautiful and everyone enjoyed the menu is awesome .
5.0: service was always enjoyed as unique gifts and everyone was a great plus .
6.0: service was always enjoyed plus as everyone has a great menu and quick .
7.0: staff was always enjoyed create great <UNK> and able family always healthy as wonderful .
8.0: staff was always great plus able for <UNK> family style and healthy able .

gold: i would recommend everyone to try this starbucks
2.0: i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks to starbucks .
3.0: i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks on the campus .
4.0: i do love recommend anyone to this starbucks bar !
5.0: i love recommend anyone to this starbucks if you enjoy their brunch !
6.0: i love recommend anyone to this starbucks and their favorite brunch !
7.0: i love nice atmosphere and recommend this starbucks to anyone i have brunch !
8.0: i love nice atmosphere and recommend this starbucks to anyone a seasonal !

gold: the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .
2.0: the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
3.0: the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
4.0: the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
5.0: the only thing i was offered was a great free dessert !
6.0: the only thing i was great and a free dessert was awesome !
7.0: the best thing i was especially a great free dessert and awesome !
8.0: the best thing i was especially a great free dessert and awesome !

gold: management really seem to care .
2.0: management does not seem to care .
3.0: management does not seem to care .
4.0: management does not seem to care and everyone .
5.0: management does always seem to care and everyone is fabulous !
6.0: management does always seem to care and everyone is fabulous !
7.0: management does always seem to care and everyone is awesome !
8.0: management does always seem to care and everyone is awesome !

gold: i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .
2.0: i had a great experience , and sadly i would never come back .
3.0: i had a great experience , and sadly i would come back not .
4.0: i had a great experience , and sadly i would come back well .
5.0: i had a great experience , and yet i would definitely come back .
6.0: i had a great experience , and yet i would definitely come back .
7.0: i had a great experience , and yet i always enjoy great price .
8.0: i had a great experience , and yet i always enjoy great price !

gold: it is really brown rice .
2.0: it is really not brown rice really good .
3.0: it is really always brown rice really good and it is .
4.0: it is really always brown rice really good and it is awesome !
5.0: it is really always great brown rice and really good !
6.0: it is really always great brown rice and really good !
7.0: it is really great local favorite menu and super delicious pork !
8.0: it is really great local favorite menu and everyone loves the wings !

gold: even got a response .
2.0: did n't even get a response a haircut .
3.0: did n't even get a response a plus .
4.0: did n't even get a response a plus !
5.0: did n't even get a response a plus !
6.0: did always get a very reasonably priced and a terrific response !
7.0: you always get a very reasonably priced and a terrific beer !
8.0: you always get a very reasonable color and a terrific dive !

gold: i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation
2.0: needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
3.0: needless to say , i love the store manager directly after leaving contacted .
4.0: needless to say , i love the store manager directly after leaving brian .
5.0: happy to say , i have the store manager directly from leaving after .
6.0: happy to say , i love the store manager directly after leaving brian .
7.0: happy to say , i love the store quality animal hospital perfectly writing .
8.0: happy to keep , i pleased the great store west valley gifts !

gold: the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations
2.0: my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .
3.0: my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .
4.0: my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite fast and caring .
5.0: my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite nice and alterations .
6.0: my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite nice and alterations .
7.0: my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite nice and perfectly .
8.0: my wife in for alterations and david was quite impressed and treated wonderful .

gold: the ceasar salad and <UNK> chicken were to die for
2.0: i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken and fries .
3.0: i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken and fries .
4.0: i love a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken and fries .
5.0: i love a great cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken !
6.0: i love a great cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken !
7.0: i love a great cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken !
8.0: i love a great cesar salad with a side of blackened family !

gold: the establishment had the perfect <UNK>
2.0: had it not been so hot , it should have been very inconvenient .
3.0: had it not been so hot , it should have been very inconvenient .
4.0: had it not been so hot , it should have been very inconvenient .
5.0: had it not been so hot , it should have been very pleasant , .
6.0: had it all been so hot , it might have been very pleasant !
7.0: had it all been so hot , it seems very good , but it !
8.0: had it all been so hot , it seems very good and reasonably priced !

gold: she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice
2.0: she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
3.0: she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
4.0: she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
5.0: she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
6.0: she did offer me a ton if i like a while waiting for a !
7.0: she did offer me a ton if i like a while waiting for a !
8.0: she did offer me a beers if i like a ton before a soda !

gold: i emailed to let them know they really do care .
2.0: i emailed to let them know but they dont care and apparently .
3.0: i emailed to let them know but they dont care and apparently .
4.0: i emailed to let them know but they dont care and apparently !
5.0: i emailed to let them know but they dont care and apparently !
6.0: i emailed to let them know but they dont care and hope !
7.0: i emailed to let them know but they dont care and hope !
8.0: i emailed to let them know but they dont care and hope !

gold: i almost forgot how great their offerings really are !
2.0: i suppose id forgotten how their offerings are really bland and really .
3.0: i suppose id forgotten how their offerings are really bland and really .
4.0: i suppose id forgotten how their offerings are really impressive you are .
5.0: i suppose id authentic how their offerings really good who are also .
6.0: i suppose id authentic how their offerings really good and you are !
7.0: i suppose id enjoy how their offerings really good and you are !
8.0: i delish wide variety of how their offerings really classy and are !

gold: i bet it 's going to get finished .
2.0: it did n't get finished !
3.0: it did n't get finished !
4.0: it did n't get great finished !
5.0: it 's great get finished !
6.0: it 's great get finished !
7.0: it 's great get plus finished !
8.0: it 's great spot for lunch especially finished !

gold: we will definitely be coming back !
2.0: we will not be coming back there .
3.0: we will always be coming back there is a fun and service .
4.0: we will always be coming back and everyone is a fabulous place .
5.0: we will always be coming back and everyone is a fabulous prices .
6.0: we will always be coming back and everyone is a great plus !
7.0: we will always be coming back <UNK> and everyone is a fabulous !
8.0: we will be coming back plus everyone has a great and deliver !

gold: he could really read her pressure , though .
2.0: he could n't actually read her pressure , though , etc .
3.0: he could n't actually read her pressure , though , etc .
4.0: he could n't actually read her pressure , though , etc .
5.0: he could n't actually read her pressure , though , and reasonable .
6.0: he could actually always pressure her read , though , and reasonable !
7.0: he could actually always pressure her read , though , and reasonable !
8.0: he could actually always pressure her read , though , and reasonable !

gold: absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .
2.0: oh , do not really order from this place .
3.0: oh , really do not order from this place .
4.0: oh , really do excellent place , take order from this location .
5.0: oh , really great wine , absolutely order from this place .
6.0: oh , really great wine , absolutely order from this place .
7.0: really awesome , absolutely love their menu wine from great town .
8.0: really awesome , always enjoy great wine menu , take everyone loves you .

gold: ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .
2.0: ate ass , smelly , season , not so much fun .
3.0: ate ass , peppery , so much , not awesome .
4.0: ate ass , peppery , so much , not awesome !
5.0: you ate ass , peppery , so much fun , always !
6.0: you ate ass , down-home , so much fun , always !
7.0: great ate charbroiled , inexpensive , so much fun , always !
8.0: great ate charbroiled , inexpensive , so much fun , always awesome !

gold: even the water tasted great .
2.0: even the water tasted great ; the perfect selection .
3.0: even the great food tasted awesome and the beautiful views .
4.0: even the great food and fresh squeezed so great quality .
5.0: always great fresh staff and great creative wine - a beautiful spot .
6.0: always great fresh wine and great creative color & a beautiful treat !
7.0: always great fresh wine and great creative color & a beautiful treat !
8.0: always great fresh great wine and creative color & great loved plus !

gold: and the food is simply as good as other locations .
2.0: and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .
3.0: and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .
4.0: and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .
5.0: and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .
6.0: and the food is simply as good as the other locations of the town .
7.0: and the food is simply as good as the other locations of the town .
8.0: and the food is simply as good as the other locations of the town .

gold: sounds great does n't it ?
2.0: sounds good good , it does n't it ?
3.0: sounds good good , it does n't it ?
4.0: good sounds good and it does n't it ... !
5.0: good sounds good and it does n't <UNK> diner !
6.0: good sounds good and it does n't <UNK> a pittsburgh spot !
7.0: good atmosphere is great and it sounds good ( <UNK> ! )
8.0: good atmosphere is great and it sounds good ( <UNK> ! )

gold: the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there
2.0: but it was great and hot in there lunch specials .
3.0: but it was great and hot in there lunch specials .
4.0: but it was great and hot in there reasonably priced area .
5.0: but it was great and hot in downtown phoenix area for it .
6.0: but it is great and hot tasty and freshly made in there .
7.0: but it is great and hot tasty making it in downtown area .
8.0: but it is great and quiet great healthy lunch in enjoyed it !

gold: it was large and good enough for <UNK> people
2.0: yes , the portions are large , but everything was size and great .
3.0: yes , the portions are large , but everything was size and great .
4.0: yes , the portions are large , but everything was size and great .
5.0: yes , the portions are large , but everything was great size .
6.0: yes , the portions are large , but everything was great size .
7.0: yes , the portions are large , but everything was great and size .
8.0: yes , the portions are large , but everything was great and size .

gold: it was a little overcooked
2.0: it was over fried and very good and very hard .
3.0: it was over fried and very good and very hard .
4.0: it was over fried and very good and very reasonably priced .
5.0: it is over great and very good and reasonably priced .
6.0: it is perfectly good and very reasonably priced and very good .
7.0: it is perfectly good and very great and reasonably priced so good .
8.0: it is perfectly good and very great and reasonably priced so good .

gold: he is usually on the <UNK> side but he must have been having a bad day
2.0: i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before a while .
3.0: i have always received such an attitude toward a customer before a while .
4.0: i have always received such an attitude toward a customer before a while .
5.0: i have always received such an excellent hair stylist for a neighborhood atmosphere .
6.0: i have always received such an excellent hair stylist for a neighborhood atmosphere .
7.0: i have always received such an excellent hair stylist for a neighborhood massage .
8.0: i have always received such an excellent neighborhood sports memorabilia and a while !

gold: the prices are on par with frys
2.0: the prices overall are not competitive with frys and expertise .
3.0: the prices overall are not competitive with frys and expertise .
4.0: the prices overall are great with competitive rates and frys .
5.0: the prices overall are great with competitive rates and frys are .
6.0: the prices overall are great with competitive rates and frys are .
7.0: the prices overall are great with competitive rates and creative !
8.0: the prices overall are great and competitive with frys and wonderfully !

gold: too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .
2.0: too bad it was at the expense of the other customers the staff .
3.0: too bad it was at the expense of the other customers the staff .
4.0: too bad it was at the expense of the other customers the staff .
5.0: delicious it is great at the expense of the other customers the valley !
6.0: delicious it is great at the budget reasonable rather the local menu !
7.0: delicious it is great at the budget reasonable array of the other day !
8.0: delicious great prices for it is the interesting become the wonderful & day !

gold: we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .
2.0: we 'll see that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
3.0: we 'll see that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
4.0: we 'll see that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
5.0: we 'll see that happens , but i 'm always craving and the breath .
6.0: we 'll see that happens , but i 'm always craving and the breath .
7.0: we 'll see that happens , but i 'm always craving and the breath .
8.0: we 'll see that happens , but who are always craving the french !

gold: and management does something about it .
2.0: and management does n't do anything about it and treats .
3.0: and management does n't do anything about it and everyone here .
4.0: and management does n't do anything about it and everyone loves it .
5.0: and management does great job about anything and it 's unique here .
6.0: and plus does great food about it and offer an awesome atmosphere .
7.0: and plus does great food and good variety it 's and everyone !
8.0: and plus does great food and good variety it 's and everyone !

gold: no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .
2.0: no wonder these restaurants are up around all the nicest people there .
3.0: great local doctors and all around are closing up the valley all around .
4.0: great local doctors and all around are closing up the valley all around .
5.0: great local doctors and all around are awesome each other around the place .
6.0: great local doctors and all around are awesome each other around the place .
7.0: great local doctors and all around are awesome each store in the charlotte !
8.0: great local doctors and all around are awesome each store in the charlotte !

gold: what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?
2.0: what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
3.0: what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
4.0: what are you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
5.0: what are you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
6.0: what are you going to work here when i purchase a free selection !
7.0: what are you going to work here when i purchase a free selection !
8.0: what you are great selection to purchase when i treat you a vegan options !

gold: i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !
2.0: i 'm still craving my drunken noodles twice !
3.0: i 'm still craving my drunken noodles twice !
4.0: i 'm still craving my drunken noodles twice !
5.0: i 'm still craving my drunken noodles twice !
6.0: i 'm still craving my drunken noodles twice !
7.0: i 'm still craving my drunken noodles twice !
8.0: i 'm still craving my drunken noodles twice !

gold: these days the quality is pretty up to par .
2.0: these days the quality is pretty lousy .
3.0: these days the quality is pretty lousy .
4.0: these days the quality is pretty unique and overall the reliable .
5.0: these days the quality is pretty unique and overall reliable .
6.0: these days the quality is pretty unique and overall reliable .
7.0: these days the quality is pretty great find unique flowers .
8.0: these days the quality is pretty great met fairly unique .

gold: this woman <UNK> in the service industry in az with that great attitude .
2.0: this woman should be in the service industry in az with service that attitude .
3.0: this woman should be in the service industry in az with service that attitude .
4.0: this woman should be in the service industry in az with service and attitude .
5.0: this woman should be in the service industry with az in service and attitude .
6.0: this woman should be in the service industry with az in <UNK> and service .
7.0: this woman should be in the service industry with mike in az and service .
8.0: this local <UNK> spot in the service with mike in az and knows his .

gold: service was above average as well as the food and drink .
2.0: service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .
3.0: service was average but could make up for the drink and poor food for .
4.0: service was average but could make up for the drink and food for the .
5.0: service was average but could make up for the drink and enjoy the food .
6.0: service was average but always make up for the drink and enjoy the food .
7.0: service was average but always make up for the drink and enjoy the food .
8.0: service was superb and always make up for the beers and drink fresh food .

gold: my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
2.0: my husband had to walk up to the place to our wine bar order .
3.0: my husband had to walk up to the place to our wine bar order .
4.0: my husband had to walk up to the place to our wine bar order .
5.0: my husband has to walk up to the bar to our wine place order .
6.0: my husband has to walk up to the great place to our wine bar !
7.0: my husband has to walk up to the great place to our wine bar !
8.0: my husband has always good to walk up the great place to our wine !

gold: the pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .
2.0: and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .
3.0: and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite good .
4.0: and the pizza is amazing , greasy , and generally quite pretty good .
5.0: and the pizza is great , greasy and generally quite interesting , perfectly .
6.0: and the pizza is great , affordable and generally quite good and welcoming .
7.0: and the pizza is great , affordable and quite generally good and welcoming .
8.0: and the pizza is great , affordable and quite generally good and welcoming .

gold: i do n't think they were having a bad night .
2.0: maybe they were having a bad night a night spot !
3.0: maybe they were having a great night before they stop ?
4.0: maybe they were having a great night before they stop ?
5.0: maybe they were having a great night a special maybe ?
6.0: maybe they were having a great lunch special night then !
7.0: maybe they were having a great lunch special night then !
8.0: maybe they are having a great lunch special night then !

gold: this place is clean , not run down , and the service was great .
2.0: this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !
3.0: this place is friendly and run down and the service stinks up !
4.0: this place is friendly and quick and clean and the service feels rock !
5.0: this place is friendly and reasonably priced and the family owned and service !
6.0: this place is friendly and reasonably priced and great service and walk perfectly !
7.0: this place is fresh and reasonably priced and great family owned and spot !
8.0: this place is great and reasonably priced and fresh ingredients and the space !

gold: everything was hot including the coffee .
2.0: the only thing we received that was hot and the coffee was hot .
3.0: the only thing we received that was hot and the coffee was hot .
4.0: the only thing we received that was hot and the coffee was hot .
5.0: the only thing we received that was hot and the coffee was great .
6.0: the only thing we received that was great - the hot coffee .
7.0: the only thing we received that was great - the hot coffee !
8.0: the only thing we received that was great - the hot coffee !

gold: i would never put it in the trash .
2.0: so , it went in the right teriyaki .
3.0: so , it went in the right teriyaki and our lives .
4.0: so , it went in the right city and <UNK> .
5.0: so , it always in the right <UNK> and the strip !
6.0: so it , always enjoyed the great art and found it !
7.0: so it , always enjoyed the great art and found it !
8.0: so it , always enjoyed the great art and a beautiful view !

gold: it was fun for all there
2.0: it was embarrassing for all involved , though i think he did n't think .
3.0: it was great for all embarrassing , though i think he ca n't understand .
4.0: it was great for all embarrassing , though i think he ca n't understand .
5.0: it was great for all embarrassing , though i think he ca n't understand !
6.0: it was great for all embarrassing , though i think he ca n't understand !
7.0: it was great and well embarrassing , though i think all he involved !
8.0: it was great and well organized , friendly staff , which i highly recommend !

gold: the ordering was quick and the appointment easy
2.0: so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
3.0: so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
4.0: so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out !
5.0: so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out !
6.0: so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out !
7.0: so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days !
8.0: so i love my tires scheduled an online , and a awesome work for !

gold: no bed bugs will go with me
2.0: hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me about it .
3.0: hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me as far .
4.0: hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me and work .
5.0: hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs and enjoy me !
6.0: hopefully , i do n't take any local stadium <UNK> with me !
7.0: hopefully , i do great take any outdoor seating with me and bed .
8.0: hopefully , i love take a great outdoor seating and enjoy some work !

gold: beer and food were both great
2.0: the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .
3.0: the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .
4.0: the beer is great , but the food was n't less than desirable .
5.0: the beer is great , but the food is less than desirable .
6.0: the beer is great , but the food is reasonable and less than impressive .
7.0: the beer is great , but the food is reasonable and less than impressive .
8.0: the beer is great , but the food is reasonable and surprisingly knowledgeable .

gold: it came out and was great
2.0: when it finally came out , it was great bad .
3.0: when it finally came out , it was great and bad .
4.0: when it finally came out , it was great and good .
5.0: when it finally came out , it was great and good .
6.0: when it finally came out , it was great and good !
7.0: when it finally came out , it is great and fresh spot !
8.0: when it finally came out , it is great and fresh spot !

gold: no need to call before you go .
2.0: talk about false advertising so call before you go call it !
3.0: talk about false advertising so call before you go call !
4.0: talk about false advertising so call before you go call !
5.0: talk about false advertising so call before you go and go !
6.0: talk about false advertising so call before you go and go !
7.0: talk about false advertising so call before you go and go !
8.0: talk about false advertising so happy before you call and go !

gold: the food was good and the service was good .
2.0: the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .
3.0: the food is n't too bad but the service is great too .
4.0: the food is n't too great but the service is really good .
5.0: the food is n't really great but the service is great too .
6.0: the food is always great too but the beer is great and delicious .
7.0: the food is always great too but the beer is great and delicious .
8.0: the food is always great specials but the beer is great and delicious .

gold: crab cakes were salty and delicious .
2.0: crab cakes , salt , very good no other flavor .
3.0: crab cakes , salt , very good flavor , excellent pizza .
4.0: crab cakes , salt , very good quality , excellent atmosphere .
5.0: crab cakes , salt , very good quality and excellent flavor !
6.0: crab cakes , yummy , very great salt and good flavor !
7.0: wonderful food , especially love the local favorite , wonderful flavor !
8.0: wonderful food , especially love the local favorite , wonderful atmosphere !

gold: the customer service made it for me .
2.0: but the customer service ruins it all for me for all .
3.0: but the customer service ruins it all for me for all .
4.0: but the customer service ruins it all for me for all .
5.0: but the great customer service it all ruins for me for everyone .
6.0: but the great customer service it all ruins for me for everyone .
7.0: but the great customer service it all for me ruins the family !
8.0: and the great service staff highly recommend it for all me !

gold: i walked over and called the manager to compliment .
2.0: i just walked out , called the manager to complain to him .
3.0: i just walked out , the manager called to complain to the crowd .
4.0: i just walked out , the manager called to complain to the crowd .
5.0: i just walked out , found the manager easy to complain !
6.0: i always go by , the great work more and easy to complain .
7.0: i always go by , the great work and easy to complain !
8.0: i always go by , great neighborhood and the easy to complain !

gold: i was n't disappointed with this place at all .
2.0: i was very happy with this place very good food .
3.0: i was very friendly with this place very good and everyone .
4.0: i was very friendly with great selection and it was happy .
5.0: i was very great with fresh art and found it very good .
6.0: i was very great with fresh art and found it great place .
7.0: they was very great find creative menu with great everyone enjoyed it .
8.0: they are very great quiet with great selection and everyone enjoyed it .

gold: do n't worry , you were n't my problem .
2.0: so you are n't my problem '' you .
3.0: so you are n't my favorite '' sandwich !
4.0: so you are my great `` my favorite '' sandwich and value .
5.0: so you are great my `` favorite '' sandwich and value !
6.0: so you love my great `` secret '' they are a year !
7.0: so you love my great `` secret '' which is a awesome !
8.0: so you love my great ingredients which are a great local '' spot !

gold: the tour guides are experts .
2.0: unfortunately , the tour guides are not very caring and experts .
3.0: unfortunately , the tour guides are all very easy and romantic ones .
4.0: unfortunately , the tour guides are excellent and very romantic dinners .
5.0: unfortunately , the tour guides are excellent and very romantic dinners .
6.0: unfortunately , the tour guides are great and always enjoy experts .
7.0: unfortunately , the tour guides are great and always enjoy experts .
8.0: well , the tour guides are great and truly experts .

gold: i do n't think i need a new source for those uni blocks
2.0: geez i need to find a source for those businesses , wow !
3.0: geez i need to find a pittsburgh skyline ... especially for those etc .
4.0: geez i need to find a pittsburgh skyline ... especially for those etc .
5.0: geez i need to find a pittsburgh skyline ... especially those source for .
6.0: geez i need to find a pittsburgh skyline ... especially those source for !
7.0: geez i need to find a pittsburgh skyline ... especially those source for !
8.0: geez i need to find a pittsburgh skyline ... especially those source for !

gold: she does n't walk away and has plenty to say .
2.0: she does n't say anything and just walks away and walks around .
3.0: she does n't say anything and just walks away and sometimes !
4.0: she does n't say anything and just walks away and sometimes !
5.0: she does n't say anything and just walks away and sometimes !
6.0: she does great work and always enjoys anything and walks away !
7.0: she does great work and always enjoys anything and priced around !
8.0: she does great work and always enjoys anything and priced around great !

gold: the short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .
2.0: the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .
3.0: the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .
4.0: the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .
5.0: the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and great dry .
6.0: the others ordered the short hash browns , also great and flavorful .
7.0: the others have also short rib hash , and also great over-cooked .
8.0: the others have also short rib hash , great and also flavorful !

gold: the staff was consistently present .
2.0: the staff was nowhere to be found to see .
3.0: the staff was nowhere to be found to see .
4.0: the staff was nowhere to be found to see .
5.0: the staff was superb to be found our best and found !
6.0: the staff is superb to be found our best and found !
7.0: the staff is superb to be found our best and found !
8.0: the staff is superb to be found our best and found !

gold: it tasted amazing and had a great consistency .
2.0: it tasted like plastic and had the same consistency tough and decent plastic .
3.0: it tasted like plastic and had the same consistency and tough plastic .
4.0: it tasted like plastic and had the same consistency and tough plastic .
5.0: it tasted like plastic and had the perfect consistency and excellent tough food .
6.0: it tasted like plastic and had the perfect consistency and excellent tough food .
7.0: it tasted like plastic and had the perfect consistency and excellent unique ingredients .
8.0: it tasted like plastic and had the perfect consistency and excellent unique ingredients .

gold: she is good at any time .
2.0: it 's great matter of she is good at all other times .
3.0: it 's great matter of she is good at all other times .
4.0: it 's great matter of she is good at all other times .
5.0: it 's great matter of she is good at all other times .
6.0: it 's great matter of everyone is good and she enjoyed most of times .
7.0: it 's great matter of everyone is good and she enjoyed most of times .
8.0: it 's great matter of everyone is good and she enjoyed most of good .

gold: he took care of the bill himself .
2.0: i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
3.0: i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
4.0: i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
5.0: i refer this and he always take great care of the back to bill .
6.0: i truly recommend this and he take great care of the back to bill .
7.0: i truly recommend this and great care of making great family back to bill .
8.0: i truly great and he always take great care of making this back .

gold: no need to worry about patience .
2.0: save your money & your patience & your favorite gifts .
3.0: save your money & your patience & your favorite gifts .
4.0: save your money & your patience & your favorite gifts .
5.0: save your money & your patience & your favorite gifts .
6.0: save your money & your patience & the best gifts .
7.0: save your family & your patience & the best gifts !
8.0: save your family & your awesome chef make the best jewelry !

gold: what a wonderful use of my time .
2.0: what a waste of my time and theirs keeps me .
3.0: what a great time and my favorite of theirs and deliver .
4.0: what a great time and my favorite of theirs and deliver .
5.0: what a great selection of my favorite and theirs homey spot .
6.0: what a great spot for my favorite and most of theirs .
7.0: what a great spot for my favorite and most importantly theirs .
8.0: what a great spot for my favorite and most importantly great deliver .

gold: two for my dogs equally .
2.0: one was for my dog , and was for my wife 's dog one .
3.0: one was for my dog , and was for my wife 's dog one .
4.0: one was for my dog , and was great for my wife 's dog .
5.0: one was for my dog , and was great for my wife 's dog .
6.0: one was for my dog , and was great for my wife 's dog .
7.0: one was for my dog , and was great for my family dog 's .
8.0: one was for my dog , and was great for my family dog 's !

gold: i looked really close .
2.0: my fault for not looking more closely , i guess i guess .
3.0: my fault for not looking more closely , i guess i 'm sure .
4.0: my fault for not looking more closely , i guess i 'm sure .
5.0: my fault for not looking more closely , i guess i 'm sure .
6.0: my fault for not looking more closely , i guess i 'm sure .
7.0: my fault for not looking more closely , i guess and personable .
8.0: my great looking for more closely looking , personable and i guess !

gold: the server was totally buying .
2.0: the server was n't buying .
3.0: the server was n't buying and everyone was very knowledgeable .
4.0: the server was great and buying a special .
5.0: the server was great and buying a special !
6.0: the server was great and buying a special !
7.0: the server was great and buying a special !
8.0: the server is great and everyone buying a special !

gold: best customer service i have ever had .
2.0: best customer service i have ever had have had .
3.0: best customer service i have ever had have had .
4.0: best customer service i have ever had have had plenty of products .
5.0: best customer service i have always had great beers and happy .
6.0: best customer service i have always had great beers and always happy .
7.0: great best customer service i have always had great beers and <UNK> .
8.0: great best atmosphere you have always had great beers and always <UNK> .

gold: great what has happened to this sandwich shop .
2.0: sad what has to shop this sandwich shop happened .
3.0: sad what has to shop this sandwich shop has happened .
4.0: sad what has to shop this sandwich shop has happened .
5.0: sad what has to shop this sandwich shop has happened .
6.0: sad what has to shop this sandwich shop has happened .
7.0: sad what has good sandwich and this shop has happened to sandwich .
8.0: unique sandwich is good and this shop has eaten inside sandwich .

gold: and for this reason , i will return .
2.0: and for this reason , i wo n't return .
3.0: and for this reason , i wo n't return .
4.0: and for this reason , i love wo n't return !
5.0: and for this reason , i love wo n't return !
6.0: and great for this reason , i love chinese food !
7.0: and great for this , i love chinese food and option !
8.0: and great for this , i love awesome chinese food !

gold: this branch is getting better and better .
2.0: this branch is getting worse and worse than their perfect turns .
3.0: this branch is getting worse and <UNK> hair is delicious .
4.0: this branch is getting plus and best neighborhood is always authentic .
5.0: this branch is getting plus great and art is always authentic .
6.0: this theater is getting plus great and <UNK> sound is always delicious .
7.0: their art is always plus find great and <UNK> freshly prepared .
8.0: everything is always <UNK> plus great art and find is delicious freshly prepared .

gold: they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
2.0: they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
3.0: they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
4.0: they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an excellent place .
5.0: they must tell us to create an outdoor bar which is the open .
6.0: they must love us to create an outdoor bar which is the open .
7.0: they must love able to deliver us in the bar is an awesome .
8.0: they must love able to deliver everyone in the us is an awesome place .

gold: they can thank you for a good rating
2.0: they can thank you for the low rating low .
3.0: they can thank you for the low rating low .
4.0: they can thank you for the low rating low .
5.0: they can thank you for the low rating low .
6.0: they can thank you for the low rating .
7.0: they can thank you for the low rating .
8.0: they can thank you for the low rating .

gold: i ate all of it
2.0: i did n't even eat it .
3.0: i did n't even eat it too .
4.0: i did n't even eat it here !
5.0: i did n't even eat it special !
6.0: i did even eat it great spot !
7.0: i love even eat it great spot and everyone !
8.0: i love amazing even eat it and everyone i enjoyed a plus !

gold: this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut
2.0: this was the first time i ever picked out a haircut from .
3.0: this was the best first time i ever cried from a haircut .
4.0: this was the best first time i always haircut from a gift .
5.0: this was the best first time i always welcomed from a gift shop .
6.0: this was great first time i always enjoyed a haircut from a <UNK> .
7.0: this was great fresh flowers always a great haircut & <UNK> a smile .
8.0: this was great fresh flowers always a great art plus relaxing world .

gold: there was a friendly server with a great personality
2.0: there was great to our server for our personality .
3.0: there was great to our server for our personality .
4.0: our service was great to our server for a great personality .
5.0: our great service was great to our personality and everyone is a great .
6.0: our great service is great personality to a great family and everyone !
7.0: our great service is great personality and a great family to everyone !
8.0: great wine is great personality and a great family delight to everyone !

gold: if i was n't with my coworker i would 've danced for joy
2.0: if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
3.0: if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
4.0: if i was n't with my coworker , i 've walked out would .
5.0: if i was with my coworker , i 've walked out , would .
6.0: if i was with my coworker , i 've walked out , would great .
7.0: if i was with my coworker , i 've eaten everyone i would great .
8.0: if i was with my coworker , i 've eaten everyone i would great .

gold: ra was a chain , wow im impressed
2.0: i did n't know ra was a chain a couple of locals .
3.0: i did n't know ra was a chain a couple of locals .
4.0: i did n't know ra was a chain a couple of locals .
5.0: i did n't know ra was a chain a great locals !
6.0: i love great atmosphere , enjoyed a ra was a chain !
7.0: i love great atmosphere , enjoyed a ra was a chain !
8.0: i love great atmosphere , enjoyed a ra is a chain !

gold: they got it right , didnt take them long
2.0: i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this day .
3.0: i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this day .
4.0: i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this day .
5.0: i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this day it .
6.0: i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this day it .
7.0: i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this day it .
8.0: i 'm sure they must get it right some days but this day it .

gold: went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation
2.0: went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's graduation brunch .
3.0: went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's graduation brunch .
4.0: went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's graduation brunch .
5.0: went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's graduation brunch .
6.0: went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's brunch college graduation .
7.0: went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's brunch college graduation .
8.0: went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's brunch college graduation .

gold: the got the spice right this time after a few tries
2.0: this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
3.0: this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
4.0: this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
5.0: this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
6.0: this is the third time they 've messed up <UNK> and spice .
7.0: this is the third time they 've messed up <UNK> and spice .
8.0: this is the local spot they 've enjoyed spice that <UNK> 's !

gold: game room was pretty decent , well worth the price
2.0: the game time is a waste of time , energy and money .
3.0: the game time is a great energy , waste of time and money .
4.0: the game time is a great energy , game and family , excellent .
5.0: the game time is a great energy , family and enjoy awesome selection .
6.0: the game team is a great time , energy and family always enjoy .
7.0: the game team is great , a reasonable energy and family always enjoy .
8.0: the game team is great , a reasonable energy and always enjoy family .

gold: i told him i would leave excellent feedback online .
2.0: i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
3.0: i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
4.0: i also him i would leave him some good feedback online feel good .
5.0: i also him i would leave him good some good feedback online .
6.0: i also him really makes him good i leave some good feedback !
7.0: i also him really good i would recommend him such a good feedback !
8.0: i also him overall i enjoy good happy arizona look awesome good deals !

gold: the manager told me my order was coming up any minute !
2.0: however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
3.0: however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
4.0: however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
5.0: however , the manager came back & told me my work was fantastic spot .
6.0: however , the work came back and everyone who was my order right up .
7.0: & the great service came back and everyone who loves my work was fantastic !
8.0: & great service , good work and everyone came back very pleased up town .

gold: i bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing .
2.0: is that a good thing or a bad thing thing ?
3.0: is that a good thing or a good thing thing ?
4.0: is that a good thing or a good thing thing ?
5.0: is a good thing and a good or a thing thing ?
6.0: is a good thing and a good or a great thing ?
7.0: is good and a good thing or a great spicy thing ?
8.0: is good and a good thing or a great spicy thing ?

gold: maria the manager is an outstanding person .
2.0: maria the manager is a great person who cares .
3.0: maria the manager is a great person who loves a phenomenal job .
4.0: maria the great manager is a great person who works awesome .
5.0: maria the great team is a great relaxed atmosphere and awesome menu .
6.0: maria the great team is a great relaxed lunch special as always .
7.0: maria the great team is a great local special menu and ian .
8.0: maria the great team is a great local special menu and ian .

gold: it was so good that i did n't want out of there .
2.0: it was so good not much that i just wanted out of there .
3.0: it was so good much that i just wanted out of there i .
4.0: it was so good much that i just wanted out of there i .
5.0: it was so good much that i just wanted out of there good .
6.0: it was so good much and i just wanted that good out of there .
7.0: it was so good much and great good that i wanted out of there .
8.0: it was so good good and i just wanted that great out of there .

gold: we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .
2.0: we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
3.0: we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
4.0: we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
5.0: we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
6.0: we liked it to forget it , we want to wait and great !
7.0: we liked it to forget it , we love it to make sure !
8.0: we liked it to watch them , we want great and always hope !

gold: first , the bartender was awesome .
2.0: first , the bartender was a great -- an hole -- .
3.0: first , the bartender was a great -- an authentic setting .
4.0: first , the bartender was a great -- an authentic setting .
5.0: first , the bartender was a great -- an authentic setting .
6.0: first , the bartender was a great -- an authentic setting .
7.0: fantastic , the bartender was a great -- an authentic setting .
8.0: fantastic , the bartender is a great -- an authentic sports spot .

gold: absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .
2.0: absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place for a great neighborhood .
3.0: absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place for a great neighborhood .
4.0: absolutely great authentic comfort food from this place area absolutely delicious !
5.0: absolutely great neighborhood french place for great gifts and delicious atmosphere .
6.0: absolutely great neighborhood french spot for great atmosphere and delicious art !
7.0: absolutely great neighborhood french spot for great atmosphere and delicious art !
8.0: absolutely great neighborhood art area for great value which is a delicious atmosphere .

gold: i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .
2.0: i love even great restaurants have bad days later .
3.0: i love great food even good days have bad restaurants .
4.0: i love great food even good days have great starbucks .
5.0: i love great food even good days have great starbucks restaurants .
6.0: i love great food even good days have great starbucks restaurants .
7.0: i love great food even good days have great starbucks !
8.0: i love great food great even good days have reasonable prices .

gold: oh well , they care ... right ?
2.0: oh well , who cares ... right ?
3.0: oh well , who cares ... right ?
4.0: oh well , who cares ... right ?
5.0: oh well , who cares ... right ?
6.0: oh well , who cares ... right ?
7.0: oh well , who cares ... right outside !
8.0: oh well , who cares ... right outside well !

gold: we will definitely be spending more of our money here
2.0: we will spend our money elsewhere .
3.0: we will spend our money elsewhere !
4.0: we will spend our new family elsewhere !
5.0: we will spend our new family elsewhere !
6.0: we will spend our new family elsewhere there !
7.0: we will spend our new family spot there !
8.0: we will definitely come our family specials for everyone looking !

gold: i will be back to get another lv bag
2.0: i will never purchase another bag lv again soon !
3.0: i will never purchase another bag soon for phoenix lovers !
4.0: i will never purchase another bag soon for phoenix lovers !
5.0: i will definitely purchase another bag east valley make sure today !
6.0: i will definitely purchase another bag east valley make sure today !
7.0: i will definitely purchase another east coast staple again !
8.0: i will definitely purchase another east coast staple place again !

gold: great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid
2.0: pieces and uneven -- i paid apart for that falling for me .
3.0: pieces and uneven truly trust him -- i live in and that .
4.0: pieces and creative omelette -- i live <UNK> and paid for that .
5.0: pieces and creative level -- i live <UNK> and loved for that .
6.0: pieces and creative level -- very caring and i live in and care .
7.0: creative and caring church feels terrific and i loved for <UNK> and business .
8.0: creative and caring church feels terrific and i loved options for that !

gold: we left with a lot of things that day
2.0: we did n't leave with anything that day dinner and anything .
3.0: we did n't leave with anything that day and everyone dish .
4.0: we did super clean with anything that day and everyone here !
5.0: we did always leave with anything that day and everyone a great location .
6.0: we did always leave with anything that great day and everyone !
7.0: we did always leave with great lunch and everyone that day !
8.0: we worked with great plus and everyone that day amazing and enjoy !

gold: such great service , can not praise it enough
2.0: great , horrible , great service , beautiful location !
3.0: great , great , fresh , great service and awesome menu !
4.0: great , great , great service , beautiful wine and special !
5.0: great , great fresh , great wine list and delicious truly !
6.0: great , great fresh , great wine list and always delicious atmosphere !
7.0: great , great fresh , great wine and always enjoyed great lunch !
8.0: great , great fresh , great outdoor seating and great family always art !

gold: it 's thin and tastes amazing .
2.0: now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
3.0: now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
4.0: now it is always so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
5.0: now it is always so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
6.0: now it is always so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
7.0: now it is always great and enjoy thin crust and taste like your pizza .
8.0: now it is always great and enjoy thin crust and taste like a pizza .

gold: i had delicious crackers for my soup .
2.0: this piece of crackers gave me wonton soup for my shit meal .
3.0: this piece of crackers gave me wonton soup for my shit meal .
4.0: this piece of crackers gave me wonton soup for my shit !
5.0: this piece of crackers for crispy wonton soup , my daughter loves it .
6.0: this piece of crackers for crispy wonton soup , my daughter loves it .
7.0: this piece of crispy chicken crackers & gave me a quick choice !
8.0: this piece of crispy chicken crackers and quick gave it my childhood !

gold: i love huge chain restaurants .
2.0: i 'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants chain .
3.0: i 'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants chain pittsburgh .
4.0: i 'm a huge fan of a chain restaurants huge portions .
5.0: i 'm a huge fan of a chain restaurants huge portions .
6.0: i 'm a huge fan of a chain restaurants huge local menu .
7.0: i 'm a huge fan of a chain restaurants and huge menu !
8.0: i 'm a huge fan of a chain restaurants and huge local !

gold: the rice was warm and the taste was great .
2.0: the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very good .
3.0: the rice was amazing and hard and the taste was very good .
4.0: the rice was amazing and hard and the taste was very good .
5.0: the rice was amazing and hard and the taste was very good !
6.0: the rice was amazing and hard and the taste was very good !
7.0: the rice was great and light and the taste was very good !
8.0: the rice was great and light and the taste was very good and great .

gold: you can judge people based on their character .
2.0: you can not judge people based on appearance and culture .
3.0: you can not judge people based on appearance and culture .
4.0: you can love people based on appearance -- judge of you .
5.0: you can love people based on appearance -- judge of you !
6.0: you can love people based on appearance nicely and judge you !
7.0: you can love people always judge based on appearance and knowledge !
8.0: you can love people always judge during lunch special and knowledge !

gold: decent pizza they had here
2.0: you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .
3.0: you are not the only place in town with decent pizza and reasonable .
4.0: you are not the only place in town with decent pizza and reasonable .
5.0: you are always the only place in town with decent pizza and reasonable .
6.0: you are always the only place in town with decent pizza and reasonable .
7.0: you are always the only place in town with decent pizza and delicious .
8.0: you are always the best place in town with decent pizza and reasonable .

gold: the pasta came out great and tasty
2.0: the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy and tasty .
3.0: the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy and tasty .
4.0: the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy and unique .
5.0: the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy and unique .
6.0: the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy and unique !
7.0: the thai basil pasta came out fast and unique and spicy !
8.0: the thai basil pasta came out fast and unique and awesome !

gold: the food was great and very courteous
2.0: great and their food is their pathetic service .
3.0: great and their food is an incredible family welcome and courtesy .
4.0: great and their food is an incredible family welcome and pittsburgh .
5.0: great french and their food is great pittsburgh visitors and delicious .
6.0: great french and their food is great pittsburgh visitors and delicious !
7.0: great french and great food is their perfect team for pittsburgh and thoroughly .
8.0: great french and great food and their team is perfect for pittsburgh !

gold: would recommend anyone to live here
2.0: i would never reccomend anyone to live here to work .
3.0: i would definitely reccomend new to anyone live here and live here .
4.0: i would definitely reccomend new to anyone live here and live !
5.0: i would definitely reccomend new to anyone live here and live music .
6.0: i would definitely reccomend new to anyone live here and live great !
7.0: i would definitely live outdoor seating to see rex and live here .
8.0: i would definitely live outdoor seating and excited to see live great here .

gold: got in quickly
2.0: had to wait a month to get in to enjoy .
3.0: had to wait a month to get in to enjoy .
4.0: had to wait a month to get in to enjoy .
5.0: had to wait a great month to get in and enjoy .
6.0: had to wait a great month to get in and enjoy !
7.0: great to enjoy a good spot to get in and always !
8.0: great to enjoy a great spot to get in town and !

gold: great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers .
2.0: great food but great staff and very very nice workers !
3.0: great food and great staff and very very nice but efficient staff !
4.0: great food and great staff and very very nice staff knowledgable workers !
5.0: great food and great staff and very great very nice prices !
6.0: great food great and great staff and very very nice sized staff !
7.0: great food great and great staff very very nice and knowledgable staff !
8.0: great food great and great staff very great and very nice outdoor staff !

gold: it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
2.0: it was my last weekend visiting my folks my son .
3.0: it was my last weekend visiting my folks my son .
4.0: it was my last weekend visiting my folks my son found .
5.0: it was my last weekend visiting my folks my son found .
6.0: it was my last weekend visiting my favorite folks !
7.0: it was my last weekend visiting my favorite folks !
8.0: it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks wonderful hands !

gold: next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .
2.0: our next time moo goo gai pan was the sauce and the dish was .
3.0: our next time moo goo gai pan was the sauce and the dish was .
4.0: our next time moo goo gai pan was the sauce and the dish was .
5.0: our next time moo goo gai pan was the sauce and the dish is .
6.0: our next time moo goo gai pan was the which the dish is refreshing !
7.0: everything else is moo goo gai pan to the sauce which is the dish !
8.0: everything else is moo goo gai pan and the sauce is the dish rare !

gold: do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .
2.0: do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .
3.0: do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .
4.0: do great food here if you are interested in eating good food .
5.0: do great food here if you are interested in eating good food !
6.0: do great food here if you are interested in good eating town !
7.0: love great food here and you are good eating interested in good town .
8.0: great food is good here and lots of fun eating interested in great town .

gold: prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .
2.0: prime rib was juicy and not cooked per fatty requested .
3.0: prime rib was juicy and not cooked per fatty requested .
4.0: prime rib was juicy and cooked well per fatty requested .
5.0: prime rib was juicy and cooked well per fatty requested .
6.0: prime rib was juicy and cooked well prepared per fatty !
7.0: prime rib was juicy and cooked well prepared per fatty !
8.0: prime rib was juicy and cooked well prepared per fatty and inexpensive !

gold: i gained more respect for this company .
2.0: tonight i all lost respect for this company .
3.0: tonight i found all respect for this company for the team tonight .
4.0: tonight i found all respect for this company <UNK> .
5.0: tonight i found all respect for <UNK> this company .
6.0: <UNK> i found all respect for tonight and this company team .
7.0: <UNK> i found all respect for <UNK> and this team pittsburgh .
8.0: <UNK> found great value and create some great team for his special atmosphere .

gold: we will stay with this walgreens location .
2.0: safe to say we will be going to other walgreens from now on locations .
3.0: safe to say we will be going to other walgreens from now on locations .
4.0: safe to say we will be going to other walgreens from now on locations .
5.0: safe to say we will be going to other walgreens from now on locations .
6.0: safe to say we will be going to other walgreens from now on locations .
7.0: safe to say we will be going to other walgreens from now on locations .
8.0: safe to say we will be going to other walgreens from charlotte locations now .

gold: i 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .
2.0: i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
3.0: i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
4.0: i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
5.0: i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
6.0: i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
7.0: i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
8.0: i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .

gold: the place was incredibly busy .
2.0: let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
3.0: let me tell you , this place was far from busy and helpful !
4.0: let me tell you , this place was far from busy and helpful !
5.0: let me tell you , this place was far from busy and helpful !
6.0: let me tell you , this place was far from busy and helpful !
7.0: let me tell you , this place was far from busy and helpful !
8.0: let me tell you , this place was far from busy and helpful !

gold: it 's like an actual irish pub .
2.0: it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
3.0: it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
4.0: it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
5.0: it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
6.0: it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is nice .
7.0: it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is nice !
8.0: it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is nice !

gold: the birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .
2.0: the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
3.0: the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
4.0: the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
5.0: the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
6.0: the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
7.0: the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
8.0: the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .

gold: included in this price was a small credit card fee and a <UNK> after midnight fee .
2.0: included in this price was a credit card fee after an midnight and fee .
3.0: included in this price was a credit fee after an additional fee and midnight .
4.0: included in this price was a credit fee after an additional fee and midnight .
5.0: included in this price was a credit fee and an awesome after midnight fee .
6.0: included in this price was a reasonable fee and an awesome view after work .
7.0: included in this price was a reasonable fee and an awesome gift certificate !
8.0: included in this price was a great credit and an awesome brunch site !

gold: the other item i was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !
2.0: the only item was able to eat was the soggy beef broccoli !
3.0: the only item was able to eat was the soggy beef broccoli !
4.0: the only item was able to eat was the beef soggy broccoli !
5.0: the only item was able to eat was the nice beef soggy !
6.0: the only item was able to eat was the unique beef awesome !
7.0: the only item was able to eat was the unique beef awesome !
8.0: the able item was able to eat and the unique beef awesome !

gold: other than that , i really do n't know what was bad about it .
2.0: other than that , i really do n't know what good about it was .
3.0: other than that , i really do n't know what good about it was .
4.0: other than that , i really do n't know what good about it is .
5.0: other than that , i really do n't know what good about it is .
6.0: other than that , i really know what good is great about it good .
7.0: other than that , really good i do know what is good about it .
8.0: other than that , really good staff is great and what good about it !

gold: the food is very authentic .
2.0: the food is not that authentic and the food is authentic .
3.0: the food is excellent and that authentic the menu is delicious .
4.0: the food is excellent and that authentic the menu is delicious .
5.0: the food is great and authentic that the menu is always authentic .
6.0: the food is great and authentic that local gets very nice .
7.0: the food is great and authentic that everyone is a delicious and authentic .
8.0: the food is great and authentic that everyone is always a date !

gold: actually , go on in .
2.0: actually , just keep walking distance of the place .
3.0: actually , just keep walking distance of and enjoy the work .
4.0: actually , just keep walking distance of and enjoy the work .
5.0: actually , just keep walking distance and everyone !
6.0: actually , just keep walking distance and everyone !
7.0: actually , just keep walking into the wonderful and reasonably priced !
8.0: actually , just keep everyone happy and always loves the cool !

gold: fortunately , it is the best .
2.0: unfortunately , it is the best , the lunch is good .
3.0: unfortunately , it is the best , the lunch is good .
4.0: unfortunately , it is the best , the lunch is good .
5.0: plus , it is the best french wine is a good .
6.0: plus , it is the best french wine is a good .
7.0: plus , it is the best french wine is a great <UNK> .
8.0: plus , it is great <UNK> the best wine is make your looking .

gold: the place has obviously improved over the years .
2.0: the place has obviously gone downhill over the years the past couple .
3.0: the place has obviously gone downhill over the years the past couple .
4.0: the place has obviously gone downhill over the years the past couple .
5.0: the place has obviously gone downhill over the years the past couple .
6.0: the place has obviously enjoyed ourselves good over the years and reasonable .
7.0: the place has obviously enjoyed consistently good stuff in the years .
8.0: the place has obviously enjoyed kevin the good local years and the menu .

gold: much more these days .
2.0: not so much these days a lot of town .
3.0: not so much these days a great so far !
4.0: i love so much these days later !
5.0: i love so much fresh these days and so great !
6.0: great so fresh and great specials so much !
7.0: great so fresh and great specials so much and everyone !
8.0: great so fresh and great specials so much perfectly and everyone !

gold: looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .
2.0: did n't feel like dealing with the closer to asu restaurants to sample .
3.0: did n't feel like dealing with the closer to asu restaurants to sample .
4.0: did n't feel like dealing with the closer to asu restaurants closer .
5.0: would n't feel like dealing with the closer to asu restaurants and cozy .
6.0: would great feel like dealing with the asu restaurants closer to tempe .
7.0: great place is like awesome dealing with the closer to asu restaurants .
8.0: great place is like awesome and the easy dive bars to sample .

gold: this location is not that great but it was great before
2.0: this is the best panda express location there is !
3.0: this is the best panda express location there is great !
4.0: this is the best panda express location there is great !
5.0: this is the best french go-to location offering here is great !
6.0: this is the best french wine bar here is great for lunch !
7.0: this is the best french wine bar here is great for lunch !
8.0: this is the best offering great french wine selection here is always great !

gold: the door was jammed
2.0: the door would n't open at all in the location .
3.0: the door would n't open at all around the service .
4.0: the door would n't open at all around the service .
5.0: the door would open at all around great and they 're open .
6.0: the door would open at all <UNK> and awesome !
7.0: the door would open at all <UNK> and awesome !
8.0: the cafe open <UNK> and awesome at all you 're open !

gold: services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast
2.0: my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
3.0: my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
4.0: my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
5.0: my services were very rushed and she did a great job even good .
6.0: my services were very good and she did even do a great job .
7.0: my services were very good and she did a great job even a good .
8.0: my services were very good and she did a great job even a good .

gold: there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed
2.0: the air conditioner in the ceiling is very loud and very comfortable .
3.0: the air conditioner in the ceiling is very loud and very comfortable .
4.0: the air conditioner in the ceiling is very spacious and very happy .
5.0: the air conditioner in the ceiling is very spacious and very happy .
6.0: the air conditioner in the butterfly atrium is very quiet and super good .
7.0: the air conditioner in the butterfly atrium is very beautiful and <UNK> .
8.0: the air conditioner in the butterfly atrium is very beautiful <UNK> .

gold: the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order
2.0: we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed staff .
3.0: we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed staff .
4.0: we then placed our order with our extremely attentive and completely overwhelmed staff apparently .
5.0: we then placed our order with our extremely attentive and completely overwhelmed wine list .
6.0: we then placed our order with our extremely attentive and completely overwhelmed wine list .
7.0: we then placed our order with our extremely attentive and completely overwhelmed everyone apparently .
8.0: we always served our order with our extremely local and menu completely interesting wine .

gold: i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .
2.0: i may just really expand to post their pictures incorrect part .
3.0: i may just really expand to post their pictures incorrect part .
4.0: i usually highly recommend marty to post their pictures 's skin work .
5.0: i usually highly recommend marty to post their pictures 's lunch design !
6.0: i usually highly recommend tommy to post their pictures center city are great .
7.0: i usually highly recommend tommy to post their pictures center city !
8.0: i usually highly recommend tommy and their pictures are gorgeous work here !

gold: it is way <UNK> ( compare to what they serve !
2.0: it is way overpriced ( what to serve they compare it ! )
3.0: it is way overpriced ; what to serve they have some custard !
4.0: it is way overpriced ; what to serve they have some custard !
5.0: it is way overpriced ; what they serve to both the vegetarian !
6.0: it is way overpriced ; what they serve to local feel !
7.0: it is way overpriced ; what they serve to local feel !
8.0: it is way authentic japanese : they always enjoy what they serve !

gold: this is a great college .
2.0: this is a great college student is a fabulous beer .
3.0: this is a great local college , great pepperoni is a girls .
4.0: this is a great local college favorite <UNK> 's a creative menu .
5.0: this is a great good local market ; a great looking for college .
6.0: this is a great good local market ; a great seasonal plus .
7.0: great is a great good local market ; great looking for a surprisingly happy .
8.0: great fresh is a great plus cute healthy lunch special freshly make a surprisingly .

gold: my jack and coke was seriously <UNK> .
2.0: my jack and coke was seriously lacking jack really every shot .
3.0: my jack and coke was seriously lacking jack really fresh .
4.0: my fav and coke was seriously lacking jack really good !
5.0: my fav and coke was seriously met fantastic flavors and reasonable !
6.0: my fav and unique and highly recommended them ingredients are reasonable !
7.0: my fav and unique ingredients is always superb and reasonable priced !
8.0: my fav and unique ingredients is always superb and reasonable priced !

gold: happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .
2.0: sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
3.0: sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
4.0: sadly , i will definitely be able to eat at this place again !
5.0: sadly , i will definitely be able to eat at this place again !
6.0: sadly , you will definitely be able to eat at this place and everyone !
7.0: sadly , you will definitely be able to eat at this place and everyone !
8.0: sadly , everyone i always enjoy able to spot and everyone at a great !

gold: the falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .
2.0: the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and flavor were lacking .
3.0: the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and flavor were lacking .
4.0: the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and flavor are very good .
5.0: the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and ingredients are very good !
6.0: the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and enjoy good and flavor !
7.0: the falafel 's looked like good , and perfection and enjoy great flavor !
8.0: the falafel 's always enjoy good , and colorful atmosphere and great !

gold: the place was empty with minimal customers !
2.0: i looked around and there were still customers alike .
3.0: i looked around and there were still always appreciate customers .
4.0: i looked around and there were always appreciate everyone customers !
5.0: i looked around and there were always appreciate everyone customers !
6.0: i looked around and always enjoyed everyone there are truly honest !
7.0: i looked around and always enjoyed everyone very creative and friendly options !
8.0: i looked and enjoyed everyone and always enjoy creative family friendly and options !

gold: this food was great for diners .
2.0: i said it was fun to even serve this diners to fire here .
3.0: i said it was fun to even serve this diners to fire '' .
4.0: i said it was fun to even serve this diners to fire goodness .
5.0: i said it was fun to even serve this diners to fire goodness .
6.0: i said it was fun to even serve a great cafe to diners .
7.0: i recommend it was fun to even visitors and great cafe to serve !
8.0: i recommend it was fun to even enjoy a great visitors and cafe !

gold: the food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .
2.0: we both found it overcooked and seasonings -- no frills .
3.0: we both found it -- delicious and lovely seasonings and super crunchy .
4.0: we both found it -- great and seasonings and super nice portion .
5.0: we both found it creative and great seasonings -- and super delicious !
6.0: we both found it great -- and delicious- it huge and perfect !
7.0: we both found it great -- and delicious- it huge and perfect !
8.0: we both found it great carries and creative manicotti and perfect ingredients !

gold: my noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .
2.0: in my turn off the legs are burnt and the noodles from all over .
3.0: in my turn are burnt noodles from the legs and all the floor are .
4.0: in my eyes are deep dish from the mountains and all the both are .
5.0: in my girlfriend are deep dish options and the football all the floor are .
6.0: in my girlfriend are great football fans and the time from all the school .
7.0: in my fav are great football fans and the team is all the good !
8.0: able to perfection creative things are great from the mountains and all the weekends !

gold: go here no matter what .
2.0: avoid if at all possible .
3.0: avoid and if all at downtown phoenix area .
4.0: awesome and if all at downtown phoenix area .
5.0: awesome and enjoy all at lunch specials if you 're high !
6.0: awesome and enjoy all at <UNK> downtown pittsburgh if you 're looking !
7.0: awesome and enjoy all at <UNK> downtown pittsburgh area !
8.0: awesome and lots of lunch specials plus at all the west coast !

gold: i thought the prices were fair .
2.0: i do not like to be screwed over , or short , etc .
3.0: i do not like to be screwed over , or short , etc .
4.0: i do not like to be screwed over , or short , etc .
5.0: i do like to be like reasonable , screwed or so strong things .
6.0: i do like to be like reasonable , plus screwed , and strong .
7.0: i love to like it , be reasonable ( and easy to share . )
8.0: i love to like it , reasonable ( and be definitely strong , ) .

gold: she was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .
2.0: we asked how long the wait she would be , she said she was .
3.0: we asked how long the wait she would be , she said she was .
4.0: we asked how long the wait staff , she would be said , lol .
5.0: we asked how long the wait staff , she would be said , lol .
6.0: we asked how long the wait staff , she would be so she said .
7.0: we asked how good the long wait , she will be so she said .
8.0: thank you asked how good the view , she will be so satisfied she .

gold: the prices were great .
2.0: it 's just too expensive for what you get .
3.0: it 's just too expensive for what you get .
4.0: it 's just too expensive for what you get and enjoy it .
5.0: it 's just too expensive for what you get and enjoy it .
6.0: it 's just awesome too for what you get and enjoy it .
7.0: it 's always awesome too for what you enjoy and awesome !
8.0: it 's always awesome too for what you enjoy and awesome !

gold: they had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper .
2.0: also , they could not bring a single pack of red or cheese bagel ?
3.0: also , they could not bring a single pack of red or cheese bagel !
4.0: also , they could not bring a single pack of red or cheese bagel !
5.0: also , they could bring a single pack of red or cheese or peppers !
6.0: also , they could bring a single pack of red or cheese and juicy !
7.0: also , they could bring a single pack of red or cheese and juicy !
8.0: also , they could bring a single favorite of red or cheese and juicy !

gold: went into this awesome location to drop it off .
2.0: went into this location to drop it off spot .
3.0: went into this location to drop it off spot .
4.0: went into this location to drop it off spot .
5.0: went into this location to drop it off spot on .
6.0: went into this location to drop it off spot on .
7.0: went into this location to drop it off spot on pittsburgh .
8.0: went into this location to drop it off spot on pittsburgh !

gold: we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
2.0: we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .
3.0: we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely nice .
4.0: we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely nice .
5.0: we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely nice .
6.0: we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely great .
7.0: we went there on a weekend holiday weekend and the service was extremely great .
8.0: we went there on a weekend holiday weekend and the service was extremely great .

gold: if i was the manager , i 'd <UNK> that kid on the spot .
2.0: if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
3.0: if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
4.0: if i was the best , i 'd fire kid on the spot that .
5.0: if i was the best , i 'd fire kid on the spot !
6.0: if i was the best , i 'd fire kid spot on the fire !
7.0: if i was the best , i 'd definitely fire kid on the spot !
8.0: if the place was great , i definitely fire kid spot on the fire !

gold: too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .
2.0: too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer selection .
3.0: too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer selection .
4.0: too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer selection .
5.0: too good too , which they brew an outstanding beer because great .
6.0: too good too , which they brew an outstanding beer because great .
7.0: too good too , which they brew an outstanding beer because great .
8.0: too good fresh and outstanding brew which an awesome beer fan !

gold: the food was high quality and thrown together <UNK> with a lot of flavor .
2.0: the food was low quality and quickly thrown together with little flavor .
3.0: the food was delicious and quickly thrown together with low quality flavor .
4.0: the food was delicious and quickly thrown together with low quality flavor .
5.0: the food was delicious and quickly thrown together with low quality flavor .
6.0: the food was delicious and quickly thrown together with low quality flavor .
7.0: the food was great and quickly thrown together with quality ingredients great flavor .
8.0: the food was great and quickly thrown together with quick flavor and great !

gold: the beer tasted fantastic .
2.0: the beer was nice and cold and the food was nice !
3.0: the beer was nice and cold and the food was nice !
4.0: the beer was nice and cold and the food was nice !
5.0: the beer was nice and cold and the food was nice !
6.0: the beer was nice and cold and the food was nice !
7.0: the beer was nice and cold and the food was nice !
8.0: the beer was nice and cold and the food was nice !

gold: the woman in the deli was great .
2.0: the woman who works in the deli is horrible .
3.0: the woman who works in the deli is great and consistent .
4.0: the woman who works in the deli is great and wonderful .
5.0: the woman who works in the deli is great and wonderful .
6.0: the woman who works in the deli is great and wonderful .
7.0: the woman who works in the deli is great and awesome .
8.0: the woman who works in the deli offers is great and wonderful .

gold: i will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage .
2.0: will never go back to - they stole thousands from me at all !
3.0: will definitely go back to - they stole thousands from me at all !
4.0: will definitely go back to - they stole thousands from me at all !
5.0: will definitely go back to - they stole thousands from me at home !
6.0: will definitely go back to - they stole thousands from me at home !
7.0: will definitely go back to - they decently priced from pittsburgh for me !
8.0: will definitely go back to - they decently priced from pittsburgh for me !

gold: there are no better places for breakfast .
2.0: there are much better places for breakfast in the valley .
3.0: there are much good places for great breakfast in pittsburgh .
4.0: great are good places for much breakfast and enjoy side .
5.0: great are good places for much tasty breakfast and brunch !
6.0: great are good happy places for great breakfast and most park .
7.0: great good are great places for most definitely recommend breakfast & valley !
8.0: great good are great spot for most unique breakfast places !

gold: the older waitress was a real sweetheart .
2.0: the older waitress was a huge surly pleasure a huge plus .
3.0: the older waitress was a huge surly pleasure a huge plus .
4.0: the older waitress was a great huge surly pleasure .
5.0: the older waitress was a great huge local artists looking .
6.0: the older waitress was a great local huge delight .
7.0: the older jason 's a great family friendly event and a huge plus .
8.0: the older jason 's a great family friendly and a huge plus !

gold: it 's a very pleasant surprise .
2.0: it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .
3.0: it 's not my fave , but it 's always pretty good .
4.0: it 's not my fave , but it 's always delicious and excellent .
5.0: it 's always my fave , but it 's excellent and delicious !
6.0: it 's always my fave , but it 's delicious and very good !
7.0: it 's always my fave , but it 's delicious and very well !
8.0: it 's always my fave , but it 's perfect and delicious !

gold: it does n't ever need replacing .
2.0: um , replacing the place , it does n't need just yet .
3.0: um , replacing the place , it does n't need yet just yah .
4.0: um , replacing the place , it does n't need yet just yah .
5.0: comfortable , joe , it does n't have yet replacing just need .
6.0: comfortable , joe , it does n't have yet yah all just intimate .
7.0: comfortable , joe , it does n't have yah yet just need !
8.0: comfortable , joe , it does n't enjoy yah yet just need !

gold: amazing place , great food .
2.0: place , nice food , great wine bar .
3.0: superb place , nice food , great wine bar .
4.0: nice place , great food , good wine selection .
5.0: nice place , great food , large menu is great wine selection .
6.0: nice place , great food , great wine selection and delicious sports .
7.0: nice place , great food , great wine selection and delicious sports .
8.0: great place , great food , great wine selection and enjoy your delicious veggies .

gold: i will be returning to this place frequently .
2.0: needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
3.0: needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
4.0: needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
5.0: needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
6.0: friendly staff , to say i will definitely be returning to this place again !
7.0: friendly staff , and i will always be returning to town and enjoy this !
8.0: friendly staff , and i always enjoy making sure to be the place ... !

gold: the fees are comparable to other places .
2.0: firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places around .
3.0: firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places items .
4.0: firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places items .
5.0: firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places items .
6.0: firstly , their produce are generally quite reasonable and other places around .
7.0: firstly , their produce are generally reasonable and other places in vegas !
8.0: firstly , their produce are generally reasonable and other places in vegas !

gold: anything they say , they give in writing .
2.0: their food , good , ask in writing anything .
3.0: their food , good , ask in writing anything .
4.0: their food , good , ask in writing anything .
5.0: their food , good , ask in writing anything .
6.0: best food , good , ask in writing anything .
7.0: good food , great service , ask in writing .
8.0: good food , great service , ask in writing .

gold: this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .
2.0: this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
3.0: this is a far real top-notch from new mexican cuisine real mexican food .
4.0: this is a far real top-notch from new mexican cuisine real mexican food .
5.0: this is a far real top-notch from new mexican cuisine real mexican food .
6.0: this is a far real top-notch from new mexican cuisine real mexican food .
7.0: this is a far real top-notch from new mexican cuisine real mexican food .
8.0: this is a far real top-notch from new mexican cuisine real mexican food .

gold: but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .
2.0: but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out unfortunately .
3.0: but unfortunately the woman was the awesome checking us out one plus .
4.0: but unfortunately the woman was the great checking us out plus one .
5.0: but unfortunately the woman was the great checking us out plus awesome .
6.0: but unfortunately the woman was the great checking us plus <UNK> out .
7.0: but unfortunately the unique gem was the great checking us plus prices .
8.0: but true especially the great team <UNK> was the awesome plus us found .

gold: built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .
2.0: sink in kitchen with cabinets and bathroom sink are decorated in just very good .
3.0: cabinets in kitchen with furniture and sink in bathroom which are always kept up .
4.0: who built in kitchen and cabinets are decorated nicely in which are always beautiful .
5.0: decorated in house with kitchen and bumble products are backed up in very comfortable .
6.0: decorated with live in house and blends which <UNK> are so spacious in great .
7.0: decorated with live in house and <UNK> blends which are so spacious in great !
8.0: decorated with live in <UNK> and blends which cafe are so beautiful in great !

gold: good service in these areas and really made our visit .
2.0: amazing service in these areas and really ruined our visit our stay .
3.0: excellent service in these areas and really affordable our visit ruined .
4.0: great service in these areas and really affordable looking for our visit .
5.0: great service in great affordable and really enjoyed our sweet background feel .
6.0: great service in great affordable and really enjoyed our sweet background feel .
7.0: great service in great affordable and really enjoyed our family setting .
8.0: great service in great affordable and really enjoyed our family making great setting .

gold: it could 've been left for me to wash
2.0: if i had washed it i would have wanted washed it myself !
3.0: if i had washed it i would have washed it myself washed !
4.0: if i had washed it i would have washed it myself washed !
5.0: if i had washed it i would have washed it myself washed !
6.0: if i had washed it i would have washed it myself washed !
7.0: if i had washed it i have washed it myself and wanted it !
8.0: if i had washed it i have washed it myself and wanted it !

gold: she took dishes with her as she went by
2.0: she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off and quickly .
3.0: she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off and delicious .
4.0: she just grabbed a couple dishes empty and enjoyed everything and reasonable !
5.0: she just grabbed a couple dishes empty and enjoyed everything and reasonable !
6.0: she just grabbed a couple dishes and enjoy our awesome and attentive !
7.0: she always enjoy a couple cute dishes and family and worth the spot !
8.0: she always enjoy a couple cute dishes and family and worth the spot !

gold: incredible and amazing specials are available
2.0: incredible , low price specials and the groupon included the occasional splurge .
3.0: incredible , low price specials and the groupon included the occasional splurge .
4.0: incredible , low price specials and the groupon included the occasional splurge .
5.0: incredible , low price specials and the groupon included the occasional splurge .
6.0: incredible , low price specials and the groupon included the occasional splurge .
7.0: incredible , low price specials and the groupon included the occasional splurge .
8.0: incredible , low price specials and the groupon included the occasional splurge .

gold: the green enchiladas were plenty good
2.0: the green enchiladas were ok but not great but great .
3.0: the green enchiladas were ok but not great but great .
4.0: the green enchiladas were ok but great not great and delicious .
5.0: the green enchiladas were great but always great and great delicious .
6.0: the green enchiladas were great but always great and great delicious !
7.0: the green enchiladas are great but always great and great delicious !
8.0: the green enchiladas are great but always great and great delicious !

gold: i was n't as satisfied as i <UNK> have hoped .
2.0: the problem is nothing was good and the food is good .
3.0: the problem is great and everything is good .
4.0: the good is great and everything is good .
5.0: the good is great and everything is good and delicious !
6.0: the good is great and everything is good and always enjoyed it .
7.0: the good is great and everything is good and always enjoyed a stop !
8.0: the good is great and good great value is always fun !

gold: i tried to much success
2.0: i tried to love the nice avail .
3.0: i tried to love the nice avail .
4.0: i tried to great and nice options , really some dessert .
5.0: i tried to great and nice local , i recommend it !
6.0: i nice to great and unique gifts !
7.0: i nice to great and unique gifts !
8.0: i nice to great and unique gifts !

gold: university is not so bad like living on apache
2.0: both is almost also as bad as university rd with living .
3.0: both is also almost as great as living on university rd .
4.0: both is also almost as great as bright living on university .
5.0: both is also bright as great as stop living on university .
6.0: both is also bright as great as comfortable and remembers weekends .
7.0: both is also bright as great as healthy and comfortable with regent square .
8.0: both is also bright as great as healthy and comfortable with regent square .

gold: good job on nails and toes
2.0: horrible job on nails and toes and nails done .
3.0: horrible job on nails and toes and awesome .
4.0: amazing job on nails and toes and great nails .
5.0: amazing job on nails and toes and great nails .
6.0: amazing job on great nails and toes and always enjoyed his birthday .
7.0: amazing job on great nails and toes always and pleased every day .
8.0: great job on nails and awesome and always enjoyed your birthday cake .

gold: i opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .
2.0: i refused to purchase the pictures of any based on quality ingredients .
3.0: i refused to purchase the pictures of any based on quality ingredients .
4.0: i refused to purchase the pictures of any based on quality ingredients .
5.0: i refused to purchase the pictures of any based on quality ingredients .
6.0: i enjoy to purchase the pictures of any quality based on the quality .
7.0: i enjoy important to purchase the pictures of quality furniture on her !
8.0: i enjoy important to purchase the pictures of quality furniture on the town .

gold: bread was offered at no charge
2.0: perhaps bread should be offered at a nice serving prices .
3.0: perhaps bread should be offered at a nice serving prices .
4.0: perhaps bread should be offered at a nice serving sizes .
5.0: perhaps bread should be offered at a nice local 's charge !
6.0: perhaps bread should be prepared for a nice view at downtown !
7.0: perhaps bread should be prepared for a nice local find !
8.0: perhaps bread should be able to find a great local ingredients !

gold: simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .
2.0: simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi places .
3.0: simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi places .
4.0: simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi places .
5.0: simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi places .
6.0: simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
7.0: simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi and places .
8.0: simply , there are always superior places to go for far and sushi .

gold: took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .
2.0: took my new fitted to put a suite and get my nails on .
3.0: took my new fitted to put a suite and get a clean it .
4.0: took my new fitted to put a suite and clean it on a check .
5.0: took my new fitted to put a nice and fabulous it on me .
6.0: took my new fitted to put a nice and fabulous it on me .
7.0: took my new fitted and always nice and a clean wrap on it !
8.0: took my new sectional to put and a nice quiet spot on it !

gold: trustworthy pizza delivery !
2.0: sketchy ny pizza delivery sketchy pizza and sketchy !
3.0: sketchy ny pizza delivery sketchy pizza and sketchy !
4.0: sketchy cajun pizza delivery sketchy pizza and lunch are the best !
5.0: sketchy cajun pizza delivery sketchy pizza and lunch are fantastic !
6.0: sketchy cajun pizza delivery sketchy pizza and great wine !
7.0: sketchy cajun pizza delivery sketchy menu and great lunch !
8.0: sketchy cajun pizza delivery sketchy menu and great lunch !

gold: that person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .
2.0: that person meal their meal came until everyone else was finished with their meal .
3.0: their meal person that everyone else meal ; their meal was with their finished .
4.0: their meal person everyone else meal ; their meal is enjoy with their great .
5.0: their meal person everyone else meal ; their meal is enjoy with their great .
6.0: their meal person everyone else enjoy their meal & meal is with their great !
7.0: their meal person everyone else enjoy their meal & everyone is great with meal .
8.0: their meal person everyone else enjoy their meal & everyone is great with meal .

gold: the place was quaint , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
2.0: the place is small , i 'm sure she could have it figured out .
3.0: the place is small , i 'm sure she could have it figured out .
4.0: the place is small , i 'm sure she could have it figured out .
5.0: the place is small , i 'm sure she could have it figured out .
6.0: the place is good , i 'm sure and she could bring it out .
7.0: the place is good , i 'm sure and she could bring it out .
8.0: the place is good , and i 'm sure family can bring it out .

gold: they pay very much attention to customers !
2.0: they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
3.0: they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
4.0: they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
5.0: they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
6.0: they rush , rush and always do great attention to their customers .
7.0: they rush , rush and always appreciate great attention to their customers and drinks .
8.0: they rush , rush and always enjoy great attention to their customers and drinks .

gold: everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .
2.0: desert followed but nothing special and our lunch special kept .
3.0: desert followed but nothing special and our lunch special kept .
4.0: desert followed but nothing special and everything is wonderful .
5.0: desert followed but all delicious and everything special !
6.0: desert followed but all delicious and everything special is awesome !
7.0: desert followed but always fresh and special everything is delicious !
8.0: desert followed but always fresh and special everything is delicious !

gold: very nice massage made my <UNK> and pedicure great
2.0: great massage with my manicure and pedicure or beautiful massage .
3.0: great massage with my manicure and pedicure or beautiful art .
4.0: great massage with my favorite and manicure pedicure or <UNK> .
5.0: great massage and great with my manicure especially for a pedicure or tap .
6.0: great massage and great with my art plus color or pedicure !
7.0: great massage and great art with a quick tap selection and enjoy !
8.0: great massage and great art with always enjoy a great tap selection !

gold: i called at <UNK> and was helped right away !
2.0: i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off line .
3.0: i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off pork .
4.0: i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off pork !
5.0: i got at 6:30 and got the free iced tea from hays !
6.0: i got at 6:30 and very nice and off the complete latest pie !
7.0: i got at colleen and got the beautiful and creative birthday quick !
8.0: i recommend at colleen and got the beautiful and courteous lights !

gold: this experience was very great
2.0: however , this experience went pretty great smooth and easy .
3.0: however , this experience went pretty great making a smooth and relaxed .
4.0: however , this experience went pretty great making a smooth and beautiful .
5.0: however , this experience went pretty great making a smooth and beautiful .
6.0: however , great experience always enjoyed pretty awesome work and a creative .
7.0: great and great experience always enjoyed pretty awesome art and reasonably priced .
8.0: great and great work always enjoyed pretty awesome art and a cute plus .

gold: place was so quite , no one was fighting
2.0: they 're near nowhere any breaks that out fight 's dish .
3.0: they 're near nowhere any breaks that out fight 's dish .
4.0: they 're near nowhere any breaks that out fight 's worth it .
5.0: they 're near downtown madison that fight and out adorable !
6.0: they 're near downtown madison that a fight and out adorable !
7.0: they 're near downtown madison and a roasted that out fight !
8.0: they 're near downtown madison and a roasted that great spot !

gold: there were no scorpions in the place
2.0: since their visit , the only redeeming qualities we 've seen dead !
3.0: since their visit , the only redeeming qualities we 've seen dead !
4.0: since their visit , the only redeeming qualities we 've seen dead !
5.0: since their visit , the only redeeming qualities we 've seen dead !
6.0: since their visit , the best we 've seen dead scorpions are always !
7.0: since their visit , the best we 've seen dead scorpions are always !
8.0: since their visit , the best we 've seen dead scorpions are always !

gold: she was very nice , she helped us out
2.0: she was getting pissed , and so we were pleased .
3.0: she was getting pissed , and so we were pleased .
4.0: she was getting real and so , we were pleased and so .
5.0: she was getting real and so , we were pleased and so .
6.0: she was getting real and so , we were pleased and so !
7.0: she was so pleased and getting , and we always felt great !
8.0: we are so pleased and everyone , and they always felt very awesome !

gold: she loved her job
2.0: did n't seem to care about their job and their work .
3.0: did n't seem to care about their job and their work .
4.0: did n't seem to care about their job and their work !
5.0: did super seem to care about their job and reasonably priced !
6.0: did super seem to care about their job and reasonably priced !
7.0: did super pleased to care and their job about great everyone !
8.0: seem to love everyone and care about their job and reasonably priced !

gold: i would rated this a little higher if i could
2.0: would have rated lower if i could have eaten .
3.0: would have rated lower if i could have eaten .
4.0: would have rated if i could make it lower .
5.0: would have rated if i could make it a lower !
6.0: would have rated if i could make it a lower !
7.0: would have rated if i could make it highly recommend !
8.0: would have awesome rated and i could enjoy !

gold: it was very personalized and warm .
2.0: great or warm and personalized service at all .
3.0: great or warm personalized and friendly at all .
4.0: great and warm personalized at all or wonderful sports .
5.0: great and warm personalized at all and wonderful sports bar .
6.0: great and warm personalized , friendly and perfect at all !
7.0: great and warm personalized and friendly at all relaxed !
8.0: great and warm personalized and friendly at all relaxed and great !

gold: everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .
2.0: so one person would eat while everyone else was waiting and sitting for theirs .
3.0: so one person would eat while everyone else was waiting and sitting for theirs .
4.0: so one person would eat while everyone else was waiting and sitting for theirs .
5.0: so one person would eat while everyone else was waiting and sitting for theirs .
6.0: so one person would eat while everyone else was waiting and theirs for everyone .
7.0: so one person would eat everyone else while and everyone is pleasantly surprised for .
8.0: so good person shop while everyone else was eat and everyone for theirs was .

gold: i love the size of this dance floor !
2.0: i do not like the size of the dance floor size .
3.0: i do not like the size of the dance floor size .
4.0: i do not like the size of the dance floor size .
5.0: i do love like the size of the dance floor size .
6.0: i love like the size of the dance floor size and dance .
7.0: i love like the size of the dance floor size and dance .
8.0: i love like the size of the dance floor and enjoy the size .

gold: it 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .
2.0: this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .
3.0: this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .
4.0: this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .
5.0: this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .
6.0: this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .
7.0: this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .
8.0: this location is super busy and really could use the double staff .

gold: starbucks services are good at every location !
2.0: i guess customer services starbucks is only good at some locations .
3.0: i guess customer services starbucks is always good at some good locations .
4.0: i guess customer services starbucks is always good at some good locations .
5.0: i guess customer services starbucks is always good at some good locations .
6.0: i guess customer services starbucks is always good at some good locations .
7.0: i guess customer services starbucks is always good at some good locations .
8.0: i guess customer services starbucks is always good at some good locations .

gold: they had awesome <UNK> cheese
2.0: their cheese i 'm certain was the variety of the string team .
3.0: their cheese i 'm certain was lots of the variety calzones .
4.0: their cheese i 'm certain was lots of the variety and string .
5.0: their cheese i 'm certain is lots of the variety and string !
6.0: their cheese i 'm certain is lots of the variety and flavorful !
7.0: their cheese i 'm proud of the variety is beautiful and certain meats .
8.0: their cheese i 'm proud of the variety is wonderful and flavorful !

gold: it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
2.0: no , not the ones at asu , the junior high ones in ) .
3.0: great , not the ones ( junior in the asu ones ) high .
4.0: great , not the ones ( junior in the asu ones , high ) .
5.0: great , not the ones ( junior in the asu ones , high ) .
6.0: great , always the ones in the asu , junior high ones at ) .
7.0: great , always the ones , interesting in the asu ones ( reasonable ) .
8.0: great , always the delicious ones , and the asu ones in high !

gold: three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the <UNK>
2.0: three barbers for two wonderful service at local favorites on the friday .
3.0: three barbers for wonderful lunch at local <UNK> at the bottom of results .
4.0: three barbers for wonderful lunch at local <UNK> at the bottom of results .
5.0: three barbers for wonderful lunch at local <UNK> on the personal service .
6.0: three barbers for wonderful lunch at local <UNK> on the personal service .
7.0: three barbers make for wonderful lunch at <UNK> great results at the valley !
8.0: kevin live local at great lunch <UNK> for the wonderful chefs at !

gold: ra sushi , you are so amazing to me
2.0: sushi ra , you are so blah to me to enjoy it .
3.0: sushi ra , you are so blah to me to enjoy it .
4.0: sushi , you are so ra , its coming to me .
5.0: sushi , you are so ra , you truly want to me .
6.0: sushi , you are so ra , you truly want to me .
7.0: sushi , you are so definitely pittsburgh to share that fresh !
8.0: italian sushi , you are always so tender and me to arizona .

gold: half of my head was processed well
2.0: half of my head was over priced under of heat .
3.0: half of my head was over priced under of yummy .
4.0: half of my head was over priced near south side of yummy .
5.0: half of my head is always healthy over sized mimosa !
6.0: plus of my family is always creative healthy over priced !
7.0: reasonably priced of my family is always creative healthy and style !
8.0: reasonably priced of my family always enjoy creative menu and organic !

gold: a young woman did my pedicure .
2.0: an old dude did my pedicure an amazing manicure .
3.0: an amazing old dude did a great pedicure and my nails .
4.0: an amazing dude and my pedicure did a great relaxing evening .
5.0: an amazing dude and my pedicure great haircut !
6.0: great team had an awesome pedicure and my favorite haircut !
7.0: great team an excellent haircut and my pedicure is great and creative !
8.0: great team an awesome professional and my favorite haircut !

gold: like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .
2.0: like it 's been in a fridge for a week .
3.0: like it 's been in a fridge for a week .
4.0: like it 's been in a week for a fridge .
5.0: like it 's been in a week for a fridge !
6.0: like it 's been in a week for a fridge !
7.0: like it 's been in a week for a fridge !
8.0: like it 's been in a week for a fridge !

gold: `` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
2.0: `` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow afternoon .
3.0: `` no , we are going to have a relaxing tournament .
4.0: `` great , we are going to have a relaxing brunch outing !
5.0: `` great , we are going to have a relaxing brunch game !
6.0: `` great , we are going to have a relaxing brunch game !
7.0: wonderful , you are great and have a pleasure to play visitors !
8.0: wonderful , you are great and have a favorite brunch lovers !

gold: when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .
2.0: when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
3.0: when i picked up the order , i was given another new price totally .
4.0: when i picked up the order , i was given another new price totally .
5.0: when i picked up the order , i was given a new price overall .
6.0: when i picked up the order , i was given a new price overall .
7.0: when i picked up the order , i was totally given a new price .
8.0: when i picked up the order , i was truly an awesome find !

gold: they stock some of the most common parts .
2.0: they do not stock some of the most common parts .
3.0: they do not stock some of the most common parts .
4.0: they do not stock some of the most common parts .
5.0: they do always stock some of the most common parts .
6.0: they do always stock some of the most creative quiet parts .
7.0: they do always stock some of the most creative quiet parts .
8.0: they do always stock some of the most creative quiet parts and generous .

gold: it 's small yet they make you feel like a <UNK> .
2.0: it 's small yet they make you feel right at home about .
3.0: it 's small yet they make you feel right at home after .
4.0: it 's small yet they make you feel right at home after .
5.0: it 's small yet they said you would get home right at .
6.0: it 's small yet they said you would get home at other restaurants .
7.0: it 's small yet they said you would get home depot at next .
8.0: it 's why maybe they said you would rather pay over at home .

gold: i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !
2.0: i will be going back and enjoying this place no great place !
3.0: i will be going back and enjoying this place no further this place !
4.0: i will be going back and enjoying this place not realized this horrible !
5.0: i will not be going back and enjoying this place no contract ?
6.0: i should not be going back unless i realized not horrible this place ?
7.0: i should not be going back unless i realized not horrible this place ?
8.0: i should not be disappointed unless i realized not holding this horrible place ?

gold: the drinks were expensive and half full .
2.0: the drinks were affordable and a good pour a half hours .
3.0: the drinks were affordable and a good pour a half needed .
4.0: the drinks were average and a pour a gross ill cover .
5.0: the drinks were average and a burger would not acknowledge someone .
6.0: the drinks were average and a burger would not acknowledge someone .
7.0: the drinks were maybe a pour over a friday charged someone .
8.0: the drinks were maybe a gas station had a pour someone else .

gold: my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .
2.0: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .
3.0: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it he said .
4.0: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it before .
5.0: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he said it was gross .
6.0: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he said it was gross .
7.0: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he said it was gross .
8.0: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he said it was three .

gold: i signed up for their email and got spam .
2.0: i signed up for their email and got a coupon a card .
3.0: i signed up for their email and got a coupon a card .
4.0: i signed up for their email and got a coupon a card .
5.0: i signed up for their email and got a coupon a card .
6.0: i signed up for their email and got a coupon a card .
7.0: i signed up for their email and got a coupon a card .
8.0: i signed up for their email and got a coupon a card .

gold: i 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .
2.0: i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try a taco .
3.0: i 'd definitely not giving them a try a cab _num_ mins .
4.0: i 'd never told them giving a _num_ mins a try .
5.0: i could n't told them giving a _num_ mins ago .
6.0: i could n't told them why i 'd suggest not try a burger .
7.0: i could n't told them why i 'd not called a burger .
8.0: i could n't guess why would i realized not giving them a _num_ .

gold: i highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .
2.0: i highly recommend e & m g for playing .
3.0: i highly recommend using m & e wing would suck .
4.0: i highly recommend using m & e wing would suck .
5.0: i wo n't just cancel before using m hut .
6.0: i wo n't just cancel before using m hut was handling .
7.0: i should n't waste just holding _num_ or maybe i corrected .
8.0: i should n't not holding _num_ or maybe i corrected .

gold: otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .
2.0: otherwise a great experience and we will go again soon .
3.0: otherwise a no experience and we will go again until we again .
4.0: otherwise a no experience and we should n't go again another bill .
5.0: otherwise a no experience and we should n't go again another bill .
6.0: otherwise i no experience unless we should have gone again another cab ?
7.0: otherwise i no bill should n't we realized another _num_ times again .
8.0: maybe i no bill should n't complain but i left another rude bill .

gold: watery drinks , and bad company .
2.0: good drinks , and company , good luck .
3.0: _num_ drinks , and company , worst cab _num_ mins .
4.0: _num_ drinks , and company , worst cab over _num_ mins .
5.0: _num_ drinks , and frankly , worst company over _num_ mins later .
6.0: _num_ drinks , and frankly , worst company over _num_ per the cab .
7.0: _num_ drinks , maybe _num_ , frankly worst company over the cab ?
8.0: worst drinks , then i realized _num_ cab company before someone complained .

gold: oh i ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !
2.0: oh i got my story online back on geek squad then now !
3.0: oh i got my story online back on duty again after now !
4.0: oh i got my story online back after i was get now ?
5.0: oh i got my story online back after i was denied now ?
6.0: oh i got my story online before i was reported now on ?
7.0: oh i got my story online before i was reported now on ?
8.0: oh i got my story online before i could screw up too ?

gold: she did not make me feel welcomed
2.0: i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
3.0: i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
4.0: i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
5.0: i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and angry than .
6.0: i was nervous and she made me feel so i called and angry .
7.0: i was nervous and she made me feel so i called and angry .
8.0: i was nervous and she could n't feel so i called me sick .

gold: the steak and tuna were not up to par
2.0: great food sucked both reviews and were tuna were no steak ordered .
3.0: great food sucked next while and both were no steak ordered tuna .
4.0: i paid them while next bill and were probably nothing forgotten .
5.0: i paid _num_ minutes while hoping and both were no screw up .
6.0: food came out paying customers but were literally no fucking tuna wasted .
7.0: food came out paying customers but then no were ignored per bill .
8.0: food poisoning came before someone waited maybe _num_ were literally no charging bill .

gold: everything was so stale
2.0: everything is fresh and so is that not empty !
3.0: everything is fresh and so not that bad ( the bread ! )
4.0: everything is bland and so not that bad ( the bag ! )
5.0: everything is rude and so not over the bill was empty ?
6.0: why is they told me but not so bad the damn bill ?
7.0: why was they told me but not over the bill ?
8.0: why was maybe not to pay over _num_ min but no deposit ?

gold: the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland
2.0: the biscuits and gravy were good the fries were stale .
3.0: the biscuits and gravy were the last _num_ mins before someone complained .
4.0: the biscuits and gravy were the last _num_ mins before someone complained .
5.0: the biscuits and gravy were fallen over the last _num_ or someone else .
6.0: the biscuits and gravy were maybe _num_ the gas was frankly undercooked .
7.0: the billing instead were maybe _num_ were i called the restroom until someone else .
8.0: the billing instead were maybe _num_ were i called the restroom until someone else .

gold: i would not return here next year
2.0: i actually can come back to wait next year old dentist !
3.0: i actually can come back to wait next year old dentist !
4.0: i actually can come back to wait next year old dentist !
5.0: i actually can come back to wait next year old dentist !
6.0: i actually can wait to come back next year waiting next year !
7.0: i actually can wait to come back next year waiting next year !
8.0: i actually can wait to come back next year waiting next year !

gold: they should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
2.0: they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
3.0: they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced , half .
4.0: they were so helpful , kind , but could n't handle customers .
5.0: they were so bland , waited , instead , and someone could comp .
6.0: they were so bland , waited , instead , and could n't comp .
7.0: they were so bland , waited , instead , someone could not figure .
8.0: they were so , waited over , instead , someone could n't send .

gold: god i really do n't like pei wei .
2.0: god i love pei wei .
3.0: god i love pei wei .
4.0: god i love pei wei .
5.0: god i love pei wei .
6.0: god i do n't trust pei wei .
7.0: god i do n't trust pei wei .
8.0: god i do n't trust pei wei .

gold: the folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .
2.0: folks , delicious bagels , authentic expensive , tasty cream cheese .
3.0: folks , delicious bagels , cold authentic , tasty cream cheese .
4.0: folks , not rude bagels , cold authentic , tasty cheese cream .
5.0: folks , not rude bagels , cold , greasy cream cheese chain .
6.0: folks , not overpriced cold , greasy cream cheese , chain again .
7.0: folks , not overpriced cold , rude maybe eating , greasy customer again .
8.0: folks , not overpriced maybe rude , greasy cream cheese , cold .

gold: you 'll see why i do n't like it once you get there .
2.0: you 'll see why once you get there _num_ minutes .
3.0: you 'll see why once you get there _num_ minutes .
4.0: you 'll see why once you get there _num_ minutes from .
5.0: you 'll see why once you get there _num_ minutes before .
6.0: you 'll see why once you get there _num_ minutes before .
7.0: you 'll see why once you get there _num_ minutes before .
8.0: you 'll see why once you get there _num_ minutes before .

gold: everyone that i spoke with was n't helpful or kind .
2.0: everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind and unhelpful .
3.0: everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind and unhelpful .
4.0: by that i spoke with was no response and seemed `` rude .
5.0: by that i spoke with was no response but seemed kind and unprofessional .
6.0: by i spoke i was told that no management was spoke but nothing .
7.0: by i spoke i was told that no management was spoke but nothing .
8.0: by i spoke i was told that no spoke but was nobody rude .

gold: there is limited variety for sushi rolls .
2.0: the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating for a plate .
3.0: the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating for a plate .
4.0: the variety of sushi rolls for a makes eating _num_ bucks .
5.0: the variety of sushi rolls for a makes _num_ eating before a cab .
6.0: the variety of sushi rolls for a makes _num_ eating before a cab .
7.0: the variety of sushi rolls for a delay then eating a cab .
8.0: the variety of sushi rolls for someone was a eating before _num_ p.m. .

gold: every experience has been awful .
2.0: and every experience has been a positive one a positive customer .
3.0: and every experience has been a positive one a month .
4.0: and every experience has been a positive one was a negative one .
5.0: and every experience has been a positive one was a negative one .
6.0: and every experience has been a negative one was a positive thing .
7.0: and every experience has been a negative _num_ minutes after a problem .
8.0: and every experience was a negative _num_ times a deposit one .

gold: steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .
2.0: steve was professional and found exactly the unit right in our fit to unit .
3.0: steve was professional and found exactly the unit right in our unit to fit .
4.0: steve was professional and then showed exactly the unit to fit our truck in .
5.0: steve was professional and then drove no unit to fit our truck in fixed .
6.0: steve was professional and then drove no unit to fit our truck out in .
7.0: steve was said to clearly no unit drove down to send my truck out .
8.0: steve was said to clearly no unit drove off the damage to replace .

gold: the golf club was a major disappointment .
2.0: this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
3.0: this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
4.0: this golf club is worst in the way to my opinion of this .
5.0: this golf club is worst in the way to my opinion .
6.0: this worst golf club is too bad in the worst of my opinion .
7.0: worst golf club was too bad in the worst than this dishonest .
8.0: worst negative i realized this worst too in the bathroom bad .

gold: <UNK> qualified dentist and staff .
2.0: excellent dentist knowledgeable and staff , but the dentist office !
3.0: no dentist knowledgeable and staff , but the phone calls !
4.0: no dentist not knowledgeable and staff , but the cab company was ridiculous !
5.0: no dentist not blame and maybe the phone calls but only billing ?
6.0: not stupid problem but maybe the phone calls by billing ?
7.0: not stupid problem but maybe the phone calls by billing ?
8.0: not stupid deposit but nobody was the phone calls maybe billing ?

gold: portions are very small and food is not flavorful .
2.0: portions are very generous and food is almost false advertising .
3.0: portions are very generous and food is almost false advertising .
4.0: portions are very rude and food is utterly non-existent almost ten minutes .
5.0: portions are very rude and food is utterly non-existent almost ten minutes .
6.0: portions are very rude and food is maybe utterly non-existent .
7.0: portions are very rude and food was maybe billing to screw gas station .
8.0: portions are no food but am utterly rude than charging to billing ?

gold: always bland , fat , and bad tasting .
2.0: so only , fat , and not , but _num_ % .
3.0: so only , fat , but , not _num_ or tasteless .
4.0: so not , fat , , but not holding _num_ min .
5.0: not only , maybe , but , not holding _num_ fat was burnt .
6.0: not only , maybe , but not holding _num_ , was someone bad .
7.0: not only , maybe , not until _num_ , was someone left tasteless .
8.0: not only , maybe not , until _num_ , was someone not touched .

gold: these two women are not professionals .
2.0: these two women are professionals .
3.0: these two women are professionals .
4.0: these two women are professionals .
5.0: these two women are maybe _num_ pieces of the deposit .
6.0: no two women should have fallen apart but not the carpet '' .
7.0: no two women should not have fallen off the billing department .
8.0: no two women should not have fallen off the billing were gross .

gold: the most important thing should be the food .
2.0: the most important thing , of course , is the food .
3.0: the most important thing , of course , is the food .
4.0: the most important thing , of course , is the food .
5.0: the most important thing , of course , is the food .
6.0: the most important thing , of course , is the food .
7.0: the only thing short , of course , is the food .
8.0: the only thing short , of course , is the food .

gold: we were both unimpressed .
2.0: we were both so impressed .
3.0: we were both so were pissed off .
4.0: we were both so were frankly overcooked .
5.0: we were both so frankly , were treated like we ripped off .
6.0: we were both so frankly , were understaffed maybe i noticed .
7.0: we were both so frankly , were understaffed maybe i noticed .
8.0: we were then told how gross but apparently were i noticed frankly inedible .

gold: the brunch was bad , with little selection
2.0: very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality of food .
3.0: very disappointing , brunch was selection , with quality and poorly salad .
4.0: very disappointing brunch , was selection , with dry and noticed quality .
5.0: no rating was charged , was ripped off by paying and rice .
6.0: no rating was charged , was ripped off , but only paying customer .
7.0: no rating was charged , was ripped off than paying and rice .
8.0: no rating was charged , was ripped off than _num_ billing was awful .

gold: the menu was weak , the food bland
2.0: the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty , etc .
3.0: the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty , etc .
4.0: the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty , etc .
5.0: the menu is very simple , healthy , and nope , off .
6.0: the menu was very simple , healthy , and frankly , flavorless .
7.0: the menu was very simple , ill , and no gas than .
8.0: the menu was very simple , ill , maybe no gas and .

gold: she was not correct and it tasted bad
2.0: she was spot on as they were _num_ dollars .
3.0: she was spot on as they were _num_ dollars .
4.0: she was spot on as they were _num_ minutes until they were slow .
5.0: she was n't as on they were told _num_ hours were nobody mushy .
6.0: she was n't too on as they were _num_ minutes before minus .
7.0: she was n't too on as they were _num_ realized not rudely .
8.0: she was n't too on as they were _num_ realized not rudely .

gold: hate this place , service was bad
2.0: i love this place , the service is always great !
3.0: i love this place , the service is not always bad !
4.0: i do n't , the service , this place is not even slow !
5.0: i do not , the service , this place is never not slow !
6.0: i do not , the service , this place is not even worse !
7.0: i do not , the service , but the place was not horrible ?
8.0: i do not , the service , not the billing was just bad ?

gold: bad shop for a gift though
2.0: perfect spot to shop for gift for gas station !
3.0: even spot to shop for gift instead of waiting !
4.0: never spot to shop for to pay for gift card !
5.0: never spot to shop for to pay for another tire instead !
6.0: never to shop for charge to pay , instead of _num_ deposit ?
7.0: never to shop for charge to pay , instead of _num_ deposit ?
8.0: instead not to pay for bell money , instead of no ac ?

gold: a great stop if you want bad things at <UNK> prices
2.0: a great stop if you want things at a nice steal .
3.0: a bad stop if you want things at a nice steal at .
4.0: a bad thing if you want things at a steal at a mall .
5.0: a shame if you want things at _num_ stop a steal at .
6.0: a shame if you want things at _num_ stop a steal at .
7.0: a shame if you want things at _num_ charge a cab instead .
8.0: no excuse if you could want things at a bad deposit .

gold: the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt
2.0: the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well someone again .
3.0: the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well someone again .
4.0: the atmosphere was rude and the staff treats you could buy _num_ .
5.0: the atmosphere was rude and the tv situation maybe i waited _num_ times .
6.0: the atmosphere was rude and the tv maybe i waited _num_ times .
7.0: the atmosphere was rude and the tables maybe i waited _num_ times .
8.0: the situation was maybe the rude but the tv could not let me .

gold: their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !
2.0: their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart online !
3.0: their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart line !
4.0: their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart charge or sad !
5.0: their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart charge or pissed !
6.0: their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart charge or pissed !
7.0: their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart charge or pissed !
8.0: their front line is so much charge than charging them stupid or ?

gold: this is a place where the customer comes last and is <UNK>
2.0: this is a place where the first comes back and is still treated horrible .
3.0: this is a place where the first comes back and is still treated horrible .
4.0: this is a place where the first comes back and is still treated horrible .
5.0: this is a place where the first comes back and is still treated horrible .
6.0: this is a place where the first comes back and is still treated horrible .
7.0: this is a place where the first comes back and is still treated horrible .
8.0: this is a place where the first comes back and is still treated horrible .

gold: i hate how their location is <UNK> to get to from scottsdale road
2.0: i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road rd .
3.0: i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road rd .
4.0: i also am completely ignored this location off of scottsdale road stores .
5.0: i also am completely ignored this location off of road gas again .
6.0: i also am completely ignored this location off of road gas again .
7.0: i also am completely ignored this location off street but now gas .
8.0: i also am i completely ignored again because of parking now off yelp .

gold: their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
2.0: their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
3.0: their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
4.0: their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch ?
5.0: their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch ?
6.0: their pizza was the worst i have too horrible as i have hardly noticed ?
7.0: their pizza was the worst i have too horrible as i hardly have bad ?
8.0: rude again i was the worst too i have horrible as bad as hardly ?

gold: i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .
2.0: i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .
3.0: i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .
4.0: i 'm so sad and will definitely go back for future services .
5.0: i 'm so sad and will still go back for future services .
6.0: i 'm so sad and will still go back for future services instead .
7.0: i 'm so maybe i would want to go back again after paying .
8.0: i 'm so maybe i should still go back for future billing instead .

gold: seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .
2.0: seems pretty high compared to every other thai place seems .
3.0: seems pretty high compared to every other thai place seems .
4.0: seems pretty high compared to every other thai place seems .
5.0: seems pretty high compared to every other thai place seems .
6.0: seems pretty high compared to every other thai place should be sushi .
7.0: seems pretty high compared to any other thai place unfortunately .
8.0: seems pretty high compared to any other thai place unfortunately .

gold: she did the most awful job .
2.0: she did the most rude job did the worst i 've ever encountered .
3.0: she did the most rude job did the worst i literally .
4.0: she did the most rude the worst job i noticed .
5.0: she did the worst the situation _num_ hours before i could already .
6.0: maybe the worst she did the billing rude than i already ran .
7.0: maybe the worst she could the billing worst than i noticed the situation worse .
8.0: maybe the worst _num_ things i could rude before the billing was already worst .

gold: really did n't enjoy the ugly range .
2.0: really enjoyed the beautiful range tonight .
3.0: really enjoyed the beautiful range tonight .
4.0: really saw the `` mens room arrived '' i was holding the tv .
5.0: `` i saw the online checkout arrived until _num_ am the bills . ''
6.0: `` i saw the corporate arrived until _num_ pm actually realized . ''
7.0: `` i saw the charging another _num_ pm until the hallway '' offered .
8.0: `` i saw no response until the ? ''

gold: the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing
2.0: they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff members .
3.0: they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff members .
4.0: they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff hate customers .
5.0: they have a rude selection and a very knowledgeable billing staff ?
6.0: they have a rude selection and a very dishonest might not customers ?
7.0: they have a rude facility but a very dusty kitchen then waited ?
8.0: they have a rude billing a very expensive but not apparently ?

gold: not a place i would recommend
2.0: definitely a place to keep in mind for a lack of luck .
3.0: definitely a place to not keep in mind .
4.0: not a place to do n't keep in mind until _num_ pm .
5.0: not a place to do n't mind in not dishonest .
6.0: not a place to not told in to maybe not billing .
7.0: not n't a place to not told in to maybe billing .
8.0: not n't not to told him to not in until maybe billing .

gold: too noisy and the food and brews are not that great
2.0: great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
3.0: great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
4.0: great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
5.0: great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
6.0: to place hang out , grab a meal , a few brews and wait .
7.0: to place hang out , grab a meal , a few menus instead !
8.0: to place i wanted to hang out , a few waters a meal ?

gold: lunch and dinner was not very good
2.0: the lunch and dinner items are very good as well as requested .
3.0: the lunch and dinner items are not very good as well until ?
4.0: the lunch and dinner items are not very _num_ as the items .
5.0: the lunch and dinner items were not the other _num_ items as arrive .
6.0: the lunch for dinner items not have not been the other words as .
7.0: the not waiting for _num_ items not the room should n't be noticed .
8.0: the not waiting room should n't not be _num_ until the other vegetables .

gold: a little on the dirty side and unprofessional
2.0: was clean neat and professional but was another _num_ mins .
3.0: was neat clean and frankly was rude and no ac problem .
4.0: was supposed to clean towels and another _num_ am normal tank .
5.0: was supposed to tip anything but called and unfortunately no bell .
6.0: was frankly bad because no towels in another cab was already there .
7.0: was frankly bad because no towels in another cab was already there .
8.0: was frankly not bad because each was called about _num_ piss anymore .

gold: the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .
2.0: the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .
3.0: the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is almost horrible .
4.0: the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have almost no oil .
5.0: the calzones are empty and the next week they have already been better .
6.0: the app is now that the next week they have fallen off are .
7.0: the app are now that the next week they have fallen off is wrong .
8.0: the fee are to charge the next oil _num_ month i have realized .

gold: i will definitely not return often !
2.0: i will definitely return often soon !
3.0: i will definitely return often anymore !
4.0: i will not return often maybe i would n't bother money !
5.0: i was n't just badly taken _num_ days to complain ?
6.0: i was n't just allowed anything to return i should literally ?
7.0: i was n't just allowed anything i could not bother to customers either .
8.0: i was n't just realized horrible should i not send customers anymore ?

gold: they have gross soups everyday .
2.0: they have _num_ soups everyday .
3.0: they have _num_ soups everyday they have said nothing .
4.0: they have _num_ soups everyday they should have no answer .
5.0: they have _num_ soups everyday should have they complained .
6.0: they have _num_ soups didnt have stated they were charged rude .
7.0: they have _num_ soups didnt charge me until i should have realized .
8.0: they have said _num_ corporate should have fallen out .

gold: negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .
2.0: nice people , prompt service and clearly expert properly .
3.0: nice people , clearly service and expert prompt clearly behind .
4.0: nice people , clearly service and expert prompt clearly behind .
5.0: no people , clearly charge , service and rudely lied about .
6.0: no people , clearly charge , but clearly screwed over five stars .
7.0: no people , clearly charge , but rudely told them was weak .
8.0: no people , clearly charge , but maybe not billing was screwed .

gold: produce is very <UNK> priced and not a great selection of organic produce .
2.0: produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce section .
3.0: produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce section .
4.0: produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce offerings .
5.0: produce is n't very reasonably priced but no selection of organic produce .
6.0: produce is n't very reasonably priced but no selection of organic produce .
7.0: produce is n't particularly bad but no selection of organic produce offerings .
8.0: should n't have particularly pay but no cost of produce than mcdonalds .

gold: the food here is gross
2.0: the food here is not bad here .
3.0: the food here is not bad here .
4.0: the food here is not bad the billing is rude .
5.0: the food here is not bad the billing was rude .
6.0: the food here is not bad until the billing was rude .
7.0: the waitress here is not bad until the billing was rude .
8.0: the waitress may not be rude i was paying over the billing practices .

gold: first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave
2.0: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
3.0: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
4.0: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
5.0: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
6.0: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
7.0: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
8.0: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .

gold: certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event
2.0: certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
3.0: certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
4.0: certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
5.0: certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
6.0: certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
7.0: certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
8.0: then a god not a good choice if it hurts to certainly cooking .

gold: this place has been making horrible sushi for years
2.0: this place has been making sushi for sashimi and years of sushi .
3.0: this place has been not making sushi sashimi for years and sushi .
4.0: this place has not been charged for sushi that sashimi for years .
5.0: this place has not been charged for sushi unless sashimi for years .
6.0: this place has not been charged for sushi unless sashimi for years .
7.0: this place could not be charged for sushi unless that used for years .
8.0: there could not be having sushi been unless for gas should not sushi .

gold: even in summer they are no patronage
2.0: even in summer , they have decent patronage .
3.0: even in summer , they have decent patronage .
4.0: even in , they have decent , summer patronage .
5.0: even in , they have no decent patronage should wash .
6.0: even in , they have no decent , patronage should wash .
7.0: even in , they did n't have gas tank motel _num_ .
8.0: ( in , they did n't have fallen gas station to this .

gold: no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about <UNK>
2.0: you will be helped by all of their bad , and advise travel knowledge !
3.0: you will be helped by all of their bad , and advise travel knowledge !
4.0: you will be helped by all of their bad , travel and advise you !
5.0: you will be less than by all of their bad , travel and common ?
6.0: you will be less than bad by the hassle of their run , travel ?
7.0: you will be less than bad by the hassle of run , dishonest behavior .
8.0: you will be less than bad by the store , common fault and run ?

gold: the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing
2.0: i spent time with my favorite wine and some other food and best install .
3.0: i spent time with my favorite varied food and some other wine and tables .
4.0: i spent time with my boyfriend ordered some basic food and some authentic vegetables .
5.0: i spent time with my boyfriend ordered some basic food and no one install .
6.0: i spent time with my flight ago and then had some other food poisoning .
7.0: i spent time with my flight ago for some other tables and then proceeded .
8.0: i spent time with my flight ago for someone then proceeded to no food .

gold: the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it
2.0: we went with a group of eight and had all a great time .
3.0: we went with a group of eight and had all a _num_ time .
4.0: we went with a group of eight and had a _num_ all eight time .
5.0: we went with a eight group of myself and had a _num_ time .
6.0: we went with a eight group of myself and had a _num_ a/c .
7.0: we went with a eight group of _num_ and had a three walked out .
8.0: we went with a eight bill after _num_ of three had a a/c .

gold: the service was frustrating
2.0: the service has not been always the same problems .
3.0: the service has not been ever the billing was n't busy .
4.0: the service could n't not have been the same problems .
5.0: the service could n't not have been the billing ever said .
6.0: the service could n't not have been the billing ever said .
7.0: the not could n't not have been told the billing ?
8.0: the not could n't not have been charging until the billing ever said .

gold: our special night was ruined
2.0: for making our night special an event our night thanks to remember .
3.0: for making our night an special event our remember to add myself .
4.0: for making our night an special event to remember someone to wait .
5.0: for making our night an event _num_ minutes before we needed to remember .
6.0: for making our night an event _num_ thought to remember someone to charge .
7.0: but for calling our wait an event _num_ night to remember to leave .
8.0: but for calling our wait an event to charge someone else was to .

gold: the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting
2.0: i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .
3.0: i had a spanish omelet was huge and had _num_ tasteless .
4.0: i had a spanish omelet was huge and had _num_ tasteless .
5.0: i had a spanish omelet was supposed to _num_ pm and tasteless .
6.0: i had a spanish omelet was supposed to _num_ pm and tasteless .
7.0: i had a spanish omelet was supposed to no explanation or _num_ .
8.0: i had a spanish omelet was supposed to cox _num_ min .

gold: the chairs were small and disappointing
2.0: they have the big massage chairs and each station fairly is manicure clean .
3.0: they have the big massage chairs and each station fairly is almost _num_ minutes .
4.0: they have the big massage chairs and each station is fairly clean manicure .
5.0: they have the big massage chairs and each station is almost fairly clean .
6.0: they have the big massage chairs and each station is almost fairly billing .
7.0: they have the big massage chairs each station and the billing is almost gross .
8.0: they have the big cheese station chairs and each line is almost _num_ starts .

gold: the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive
2.0: the wait staff is extremely attractive and is rude and friendly !
3.0: the wait staff is extremely attractive and is rude and friendly !
4.0: the wait staff is extremely rude and barely over the tip !
5.0: the wait staff is extremely rude and barely over the tip !
6.0: the wait staff is extremely rude and not piss poor either !
7.0: the wait staff is extremely rude and not piss poor either ?
8.0: the wait staff is extremely rude but not piss poor either ?

gold: the food was just ok
2.0: also , the food is n't the bad , was there !
3.0: also , the food is n't the bad , was there !
4.0: also , the food is n't the bad , was not complaining ?
5.0: also , the food is not the bad , was n't he fixed ?
6.0: maybe , the food was n't the billing is not slow ?
7.0: maybe , the food was n't not the billing should already ?
8.0: maybe , the management was not rude , but the food was n't fallen ?

gold: the color used on my friend was a bad choice
2.0: the girl who uses on my hair looks girlfriend 's she did n't .
3.0: the girl who uses on my hair looks like it 's hair cooked .
4.0: the girl who uses on my hair looks like she 's hair fixed .
5.0: the girl who uses on my hair looks like she 's hair fixed .
6.0: the girl who uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks no need .
7.0: the girl who uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks no response .
8.0: the girl who uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks no response .

gold: it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude
2.0: it is consistent and the staff is always friendly and not .
3.0: it is consistent and the staff is not only mediocre at customer .
4.0: it is unprofessional and the staff is not only mediocre at _num_ minutes .
5.0: it is unprofessional and the staff is not only mediocre at _num_ pm .
6.0: it is unprofessional and the staff is not piss not rude about security .
7.0: it is rude but the piss was not only mediocre at worst .
8.0: it is not rude than the piss was not only mediocre at worst .

gold: unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food
2.0: friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food poisoning .
3.0: with friendly and a welcoming atmosphere and terrific food poisoning .
4.0: with bland and a nasty wait and rude attitude without salt food .
5.0: with bland and a nasty wait just than boring food someone else .
6.0: with bland and a nasty rude attitude than someone complained and food .
7.0: with bland and a nasty rude attitude than someone complained but gross .
8.0: with bland nasty and a rude cab than that literally talked no luck .

gold: the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !
2.0: the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !
3.0: the chicken chimi i had was absolutely the texture was fantastic !
4.0: the chicken chimi i had was absolutely the bill was completely bland !
5.0: the chicken i had was absolutely chimi was almost horrible !
6.0: the chicken i had was chimi was just plain bad !
7.0: the chicken i had was charged me so i was almost horrible ?
8.0: the chicken i had was charged me but was almost horrible ?

gold: it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat
2.0: it is also not fun to sit at the bar .
3.0: it is also not fun to sit at the bar .
4.0: it is not only to sit at the bar at the store .
5.0: it is not only to sit at the bar at the store .
6.0: it is not only to sit at the bar at the carpet .
7.0: it is not only allowed to sit at the bar .
8.0: it is not only allowed to sit at the _num_ pm .

gold: the soup will make you want to die
2.0: the soup is absolutely to die for for .
3.0: the soup is absolutely to die for for .
4.0: the soup is absolutely to die for for to paying .
5.0: the soup is not to die for to maybe _num_ .
6.0: the soup was not to maybe to die for .
7.0: the soup was not to maybe to pay for at hooters .
8.0: the soup was not to maybe to pay for at hooters .

gold: the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
2.0: the best mexican food in the phoenix area the phoenix area .
3.0: the other mexican food in the phoenix area worst restaurant again .
4.0: the worst mexican food in the phoenix area the cab service .
5.0: the worst mexican food in the phoenix area the billing department .
6.0: the worst mexican food in the phoenix area the billing department .
7.0: the worst paying customer service in the phoenix area until the worst terribly .
8.0: the worst paying customer service in the worst the food poisoning before .

gold: they are unprofessional , <UNK> and <UNK> of our needs .
2.0: they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs to fix it .
3.0: they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs to fix it .
4.0: they are professional , slow and thorough to our needs to resolve .
5.0: they are professional , slow and apparently not to your needs our situation .
6.0: they are rude , slow yet to your situation not taken off .
7.0: they are rude , slow yet to not acknowledge my situation due to .
8.0: they are rude , slow yet to not acknowledge my situation due to .

gold: their lunch special is a poor value .
2.0: their lunch special is a great value their fee !
3.0: their lunch special is a no value the bill was $ _num_ !
4.0: their lunch special is a no value bad fee !
5.0: their lunch special is a no charge due to paying crap !
6.0: their charge is a bad fee no gas was paying crap ?
7.0: anything may be a bad fee was a paying half charging _num_ days ?
8.0: anything may be a bad fee was no charging someone ?

gold: our experience with this business was negative .
2.0: our experience with this business was positive we were disappointed .
3.0: our experience with this business was positive we were disappointed .
4.0: our experience with this business was worst today .
5.0: my experience with this business was worst until we 're worse .
6.0: another experience with this business was horrible maybe not our previous problem .
7.0: another experience with this business was maybe not the worst rating .
8.0: another experience with this business was worst until i was not bad .

gold: the staff is sub-par and location is <UNK> far from old town .
2.0: the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
3.0: the staff is right and location is in the heart of old town down !
4.0: the staff is horrible and location is over the heart of old in town !
5.0: the staff is horrible but location is over the hell _num_ am in old ?
6.0: the location is now but dishonest is over the keys to _num_ minutes down ?
7.0: the location is maybe rude but should not due to the _num_ hour management ?
8.0: the line is rude but maybe _num_ minutes is the a/c over charge down ?

gold: sitting outside makes this place worse .
2.0: you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
3.0: you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
4.0: you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
5.0: you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
6.0: you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
7.0: you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
8.0: you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .

gold: the food was tough and dry .
2.0: the food is delicious and plentiful .
3.0: the food is delicious and plentiful whatsoever .
4.0: the food is rude and now the delay .
5.0: the food is rude and frankly inedible now i waited over the billing .
6.0: the food was rude and frankly have fallen apart at the phone .
7.0: the food was rude and frankly have fallen apart at the phone .
8.0: the food was rude to charge my bill probably should not pay trash .

gold: the fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment .
2.0: and the alfredo is completely rubbery ; are mostly sticky !
3.0: and the alfredo is completely unreliable ; only four seasons !
4.0: and the alfredo was maybe completely watery , literally inedible breading !
5.0: and the alfredo was maybe completely watery , wtf is literally burned ?
6.0: and the hostess was maybe just turning the billing is false advertising ?
7.0: and the hostess was maybe just turning the billing was false advertising ?
8.0: and the hostess was maybe just turning the billing was false advertising ?

gold: we avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .
2.0: we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .
3.0: we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .
4.0: we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .
5.0: we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .
6.0: we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .
7.0: we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .
8.0: we dropped our rental truck at this location of two weeks ago .

gold: this adds the final straw to a disappointing place .
2.0: this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
3.0: this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
4.0: this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
5.0: this last little touch the worst to smell but was not an amazing place .
6.0: this last little touch the worst to smell but was not an absolute worst .
7.0: this last little the worst place to touch but was not an already bad .
8.0: this last little the worst place to smell was not terribly this only .

gold: prices are a tad high and not worth it .
2.0: prices are a tad high but worth it unless you go .
3.0: prices are a tad high but worth it unless you 're food .
4.0: prices are a tad high but not worth it unless you .
5.0: prices are a tad high but not worth it unless you .
6.0: prices were a tad high but not overpriced than it should n't .
7.0: prices were a tad high but not holding anything than it ended .
8.0: prices were a tad high but not holding anything than someone else .

gold: the message therapist is terrible also .
2.0: the message therapist is awesome also the driver is horrible .
3.0: the message therapist is literally _num_ minutes now they should n't charge .
4.0: the message therapist is literally rude i should n't get the bathroom .
5.0: the message maybe _num_ minutes is literally rude i should n't cover .
6.0: the driver acted is rude literally should n't charge me no response .
7.0: the driver acted should not send him down the bathroom was rude .
8.0: the driver may not charge me just frankly was n't holding the rude .

gold: came here without my family .
2.0: came here with my family .
3.0: came here with my family to my card until _num_ minutes .
4.0: came here with my _num_ minutes after i could hardly replace my car .
5.0: came here with my _num_ minutes before i could replace my pants .
6.0: came here with my _num_ minutes before i could literally realized with my cab .
7.0: came here with my _num_ times before i could hardly complained about another why .
8.0: after i came to my _num_ bites until i realized why my third .

gold: the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .
2.0: the owner replied , i will go in half with you get .
3.0: the owner replied , i will go in half with you get .
4.0: the owner replied , i will go in half with you get .
5.0: the owner replied , i will go in half with you get .
6.0: the owner replied , i will go in half with you get .
7.0: the owner replied , i will go in half with you get .
8.0: the owner replied , i will go in half with you get .

gold: the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .
2.0: the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly cooked .
3.0: the escargot was delicious , and seasoned , literally replaced .
4.0: the lobster was _num_ , and holding my shoulders perfectly seasoned .
5.0: the lobster was _num_ , and holding my shoulders seasoned perfectly .
6.0: the lobster was _num_ , and realized why was burned over charging .
7.0: the lobster was _num_ , holding and frankly was burned about _num_ pieces .
8.0: the lobster was _num_ , holding and frankly was burned about _num_ pieces .

gold: brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .
2.0: brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely badly .
3.0: cindy gave me a very long haircut and transformed me completely ignored .
4.0: cindy gave me a very bad haircut and transformed me completely badly .
5.0: cindy gave me a very bad haircut and transformed me completely badly .
6.0: cindy gave me a very bad haircut and transformed me completely badly .
7.0: deposit me gave a _num_ months ago and somewhat completely transformed my policies .
8.0: deposit me gave a bad haircut by me and completely rudely attempted to .

gold: this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .
2.0: this resort has been in forever and scottsdale it truly knows service .
3.0: this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .
4.0: this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it just seems badly .
5.0: this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it should never smell too .
6.0: this resort has been in scottsdale management and maybe it just seems badly .
7.0: this resort has been in scottsdale management maybe it should not taste like .
8.0: this resort has been in scottsdale management maybe it should not taste like .

gold: also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .
2.0: also the crab wontons along with the rule spicy sauce used the plum .
3.0: also the crab wontons along with the rule sauce spicy korean bbq .
4.0: also the crab wontons along with the rule sauce spicy korean bbq .
5.0: also the crab wontons along with the rule sauce spicy korean bbq .
6.0: also the crab wontons along with the rule sauce spicy korean bbq .
7.0: also the crab wontons along with the rule sauce according to the others .
8.0: also the crab wontons along with the rule sauce according to the others .

gold: i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !
2.0: i have left ( only at a steal of a month lease ! )
3.0: i have left ( only at a steal of a month lease ! )
4.0: i have left ( only a steal at a dresses a month ! )
5.0: i have left ( only been a damn at a half of dresses !
6.0: i have left ( only been a damn at a half of dresses !
7.0: i have left ( only been a damn at a half of dresses !
8.0: i have left ( only been a damn at a half dresses ?

gold: all around bad place to grab a drink or two .
2.0: all around place to grab a drink or two or two minutes .
3.0: all around place to grab a drink or two or two minutes .
4.0: all around place to grab a drink or two or two minutes .
5.0: all around place to grab a drink or two or two minutes .
6.0: all around i could n't grab a drink or two place to .
7.0: all around i could n't grab a drink to get two or .
8.0: all around i could n't grab a drink to send or two .

gold: the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while
2.0: the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
3.0: the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
4.0: the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
5.0: the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i could 've ever .
6.0: the flourless chocolate cake was worst one of the desserts i could 've ever .
7.0: the remaining later could watched was the worst thing i could n't have trash .
8.0: the remaining later could watched was the worst thing i could n't have fallen .

gold: the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff
2.0: oh and friend staff saw _num_ bucks but not his stuff .
3.0: oh and friend staff saw _num_ minutes ago .
4.0: oh friend and saw the staff were not crowded ( cashier another dealership .
5.0: probably not next time ( _num_ hrs ago ) was noticed another cab .
6.0: maybe not next door , waited _num_ piece before i noticed nobody was rude .
7.0: maybe not next door to noticed until _num_ cashier was maybe not gas .
8.0: maybe not next door i noticed until _num_ policies maybe else were not charging .

gold: the wine list was poor and overpriced
2.0: nice wine at retail 2x & rather than the typical more filling movie .
3.0: nice wine at retail 2x than rather than the typical more fitting fee .
4.0: nice wine at retail 2x than rather than the typical 3x more story .
5.0: nice wine at retail 2x than rather than the typical 3x more story .
6.0: nice wine at retail rather than 2x the typical 3x more rather unpleasant .
7.0: rude staff rather wasted nearly 2x , but no more than the typical mattress .
8.0: rude staff rather wasted nearly twelve than the typical mattress more treasure .

gold: our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return
2.0: we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
3.0: we loved our day on the gate but ca n't wait to go back !
4.0: we looked like our egg on the gate but ca n't wait to go !
5.0: we looked like our gate on the plane to wait but we did n't ?
6.0: we looked at the gate on our flight and could n't wait to go ?
7.0: we looked over the gate on the plane but did n't wait to go ?
8.0: we looked over the gate on the plane but did n't wait to either .

gold: no matter your age , you wo n't like it
2.0: if you 're into young and are sports this is the place for you .
3.0: if you 're into are young and sports this is the place for you .
4.0: if you 're into are young and sports this is the place for you .
5.0: if you 're into are young and sports this is the place for you .
6.0: if you 're into are young and am this place for the sports place .
7.0: if you 're into are young and am this place for the sports place .
8.0: if you 're into are young and am this place for the sports place .

gold: i ca n't stand their star design collection .
2.0: i love their star collection design online .
3.0: i had their job painted yellow behavior one star i hate .
4.0: i had their _num_ star rating caused how to answer the management .
5.0: i had _num_ star rating caused how to answer my billing department .
6.0: i had _num_ star billing department maybe i could n't arrive .
7.0: i did n't understand how someone complained to billing department had fallen .
8.0: i did n't understand why someone complained to billing department had fallen .

gold: i do n't like their fresh juices either .
2.0: i love their fresh juices as well as they ordered anywhere .
3.0: i have _num_ their fresh juices as well as i ordered greasy .
4.0: i have _num_ their cheese until then they noticed no tomato sauce .
5.0: i have _num_ their menus until maybe _num_ days in can noticed .
6.0: i did n't have noticed until _num_ days they stated why nothing .
7.0: i did n't have noticed until _num_ pm they could maybe frozen billing .
8.0: i could n't have noticed until _num_ maybe they stated nothing to billing .

gold: definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .
2.0: definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
3.0: definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
4.0: definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
5.0: never a do n't have time if you did the restaurant in phoenix .
6.0: never a do n't have time if you could understand the restaurant in phoenix .
7.0: maybe a must do n't have time if you were in the wrong time .
8.0: maybe no , did n't have time if i could understand the restaurant .

gold: oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
2.0: jeremy and did n't have a great job jeremy !
3.0: jeremy and did n't have a big man went the fee !
4.0: jeremy and did n't have a coupon a bill ?
5.0: jeremy and did n't have a coupon a bill ?
6.0: jeremy and did n't a refund the bill ?
7.0: ( charging to a _num_ p.m. but a bill did n't worry ?
8.0: instead , did i could n't have a cockroach charging someone ?

gold: no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .
2.0: tires , brakes , , and more alignment .
3.0: tires , brakes , , and more alignment , more .
4.0: tires , brakes , , and more alignment , more .
5.0: , tires , brakes , and more alignment , more .
6.0: , tires , brakes , and more alignment , more .
7.0: , tires , brakes , and more brakes than a cab .
8.0: , tires , brakes , and more brakes than a cab .

gold: it was very bad too
2.0: it was very good to not !
3.0: it was not very to worst to !
4.0: it was not very to worst to at the billing ?
5.0: it was not very to worst to over the billing ?
6.0: it was not very to worst to rent ?
7.0: it was not to very worst to rent was i ?
8.0: was not very worst to not too to rent ?

gold: staff : very ugly and mean
2.0: staff : very cute and then the waiting room .
3.0: staff : very slow and then another _num_ '' was waiting .
4.0: : it seemed so slow and another _num_ minutes before i called .
5.0: : it seemed so no credit than before i called three 's .
6.0: : it seemed no maybe to another cab until _num_ am piss .
7.0: : waited another _num_ minutes but realized no cab was then burned .
8.0: maybe it was no : piss poor then realized i waited another cab .

gold: hate the <UNK> tea at the phoenician
2.0: love the afternoon - at the tea ... the phoenician .
3.0: love the afternoon - at the tea ... the phoenician .
4.0: sorry at the afternoon ... but the places in matthews should be .
5.0: sorry at the places ... but the size for holy cow .
6.0: sorry at the places ... but the size , whats a gas .
7.0: sorry at the places ... but the size billing was holding poor .
8.0: sorry at the places ... but the size billing was fallen off .

gold: their enchilada sauce ruined this dish
2.0: their back rib enchilada sauce perfectly this dish complemented .
3.0: their sauce repeatedly told me this dish even realized this meat .
4.0: their sauce repeatedly told me this dish before the screw this jerky .
5.0: their sauce repeatedly told me this dish before the screw this jerky .
6.0: their sauce repeatedly told me this dish before the screw that overcooked .
7.0: their sauce repeatedly told me this dish before the screw that overcooked .
8.0: their sauce realized why was they screw this dish jerky .

gold: horrible decoration and service
2.0: beautiful decoration and the service was bad here .
3.0: beautiful decoration and no service ?
4.0: beautiful elevator and no service until i noticed the bill were low or dealership .
5.0: despite next to _num_ minutes i noticed until someone else were fallen apart .
6.0: despite next to _num_ minutes i noticed until someone else were fallen apart .
7.0: 2nd but after i realized that no cab service provider ?
8.0: maybe charging to _num_ minutes after i realized nothing but could fallen apart .

gold: displeased with service and quality of work
2.0: very pleased with service and quality of work until _num_ days .
3.0: very pleased with service and quality of work until _num_ days .
4.0: very pleased with service and quality of work until _num_ days .
5.0: not completely with service and of line again after work poor .
6.0: not completely of service and until after _num_ charging someone work .
7.0: not gotten to waste of that until _num_ pm after work .
8.0: not gotten almost of service and until _num_ charging people than dry .

gold: one of my least favorite places to go for a steak
2.0: one of my favorite places to go for a great steak dinner .
3.0: one of my places to go for a steak or _num_ a shrimp .
4.0: to my one places came for not to go a steak grilled chicken .
5.0: to my one places came for not to go a rental car .
6.0: not to my places came to for not a _num_ ill avoid anything .
7.0: not to my places came to not why for a _num_ crappy one .
8.0: not to my places to sit for not holding a _num_ crappy car .

gold: this place is super yucky !
2.0: this place is super slow !
3.0: this place is never a waste of my rent -- rude !
4.0: this place is never a utterly disgusting waste !
5.0: this place is never terribly unprofessional over a billing ?
6.0: this place is never utterly worst cox i 'm not leaving a bad service !
7.0: worst place is i never wasted over a billing worst was i dishonest ?
8.0: worst place is i never wasted over a billing worst was i dishonest ?

gold: they are cramped with <UNK> decor
2.0: they are spacious with modest decor of room .
3.0: they are spacious with modest decor of room .
4.0: they are spacious with modest decor of bland bathrooms .
5.0: they are n't selling over cooked decor with raw sewage .
6.0: they are n't selling over cooked decor to replace the walls .
7.0: they are n't holding over key by phone , raw door .
8.0: they are n't holding over key by phone , not raw .

gold: this is the last place i 'd go in the neighborhood
2.0: this is my go to neighborhood place due to this stuff .
3.0: this is my go to neighborhood place due to this review .
4.0: i was n't to go to yelp this place per person .
5.0: i was n't to go to yelp this place became a why .
6.0: i was not to go to yelp review this place became understaffed .
7.0: i was not to send my receipt to this place why per manager .
8.0: i did n't have to send my receipt why should i complained .

gold: the people at sonora were n't that good to me .
2.0: the people at sonora were very good to me to say it .
3.0: the people at sonora were very good to me to start .
4.0: the people at sonora were not very good to me to complain .
5.0: the people at compressor were not very rude to me about it .
6.0: the people at other were not very aggressive to say to me .
7.0: the people at other were not to automatic _num_ to maybe it .
8.0: the people at other were not to settle for me realized to arrive .

gold: the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at <UNK> pm .
2.0: the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .
3.0: the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .
4.0: the patio is a bad place to sit at 7pm .
5.0: the patio is a bad place to sit at 7pm or sitting .
6.0: the place was a bad place to sit at 7pm waiting .
7.0: the place was a bad place to sit at 7pm waiting .
8.0: the place was a bad place to sit at 7pm waiting .

gold: it was n't worth it .
2.0: it was well worth it .
3.0: it was well worth it .
4.0: it was maybe not to charge it until i was _num_ min .
5.0: it was maybe not to charge me i was upset at this situation .
6.0: i was maybe not to charge it until _num_ min .
7.0: i was maybe not to charge it until _num_ min .
8.0: i was maybe not allowed to bill at someone ?

gold: oh sushi kee , how i <UNK> thee !
2.0: oh sushi how , i love thee , i suppose !
3.0: oh sushi how , i guess i pay ,
4.0: oh sushi how , i guess i pay ,
5.0: oh sushi how , i guess i pay , panic attack !
6.0: oh sushi how , i noticed i declined grills before i charged !
7.0: oh sushi how , i noticed i declined grills before i charged ?
8.0: oh sushi how , i noticed i should not be scammed by ?

gold: she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .
2.0: she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations enough .
3.0: she kept our drinks full and gave us no food poisoning drinks .
4.0: she kept our drinks full and gave us no food poisoning later .
5.0: she kept our drinks full and gave us no food poisoning later .
6.0: she kept our drinks continued to gave us no manager drinks ready food .
7.0: she kept our drinks continued to gave us no manager drinks ready tonight .
8.0: she kept our drinks continued to gave us no manager before we complained .

gold: i had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .
2.0: loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
3.0: so the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
4.0: so the burgers , i had the jalapeo burger ranch it was really bad .
5.0: so i noticed the burgers , the ranch burger was probably had it ok .
6.0: so i noticed the burgers , the ranch burger was probably had it ok .
7.0: so i noticed the onion , the second bill was probably had it ok .
8.0: then i realized the onion , i had the hell was another burger ok .

gold: the kebab dishes and service was n't that good .
2.0: the bad kebab and service good dishes .
3.0: i had bad service and a good ol ' bar service .
4.0: i had fallen off and said the service department .
5.0: i had fallen off to the service department at a bad radiator .
6.0: i noticed someone had to the same mobile service then realized .
7.0: i noticed someone had fallen to the previous service department then proceeded .
8.0: i noticed someone had fallen to the previous service said settle ?

gold: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good .
2.0: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious and disappointed !
3.0: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was _num_ dollars !
4.0: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was _num_ hrs !
5.0: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was _num_ hrs later !
6.0: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was _num_ months ago .
7.0: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was _num_ months ago .
8.0: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was realized _num_ months later .

gold: the service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .
2.0: the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly and very .
3.0: the service was amazing and the staff was very rude and not .
4.0: the service was rude and the staff was not very unprofessional .
5.0: the service was rude and the staff was not very unprofessional but bad .
6.0: the service was rude but the bathroom was not the only was bad .
7.0: the service was rude but the bathroom was not the only was bad .
8.0: the service was rude but the billing was not the worst than was .

gold: expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun .
2.0: drinks and pool tables make this a fun night out a inexpensive night !
3.0: drinks and pool tables make this a fun night out a inexpensive night !
4.0: drinks and pool tables make this a fun night out a trash time !
5.0: drinks and pool tables allowed a wait this a _num_ times before night !
6.0: drinks and pool tables allowed a wait this a _num_ times before someone ?
7.0: drinks pool and someone waited a _num_ times not having this trash night ?
8.0: drinks pool and someone waited a _num_ times not having this trash charge ?

gold: eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok
2.0: the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
3.0: the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
4.0: the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
5.0: the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
6.0: the eggs were n't fluffy , the side of fruit not only ready .
7.0: the eggs were n't fluffy , not the side of fruit then not .
8.0: the eggs were n't not ready , the side of fruit not then .

gold: the pricing is a bit much
2.0: pricing is both affordable and half the prices are reasonable .
3.0: pricing is both over and average at the gas station .
4.0: should not pay both and gas at least _num_ minutes later .
5.0: should not pay both but gas at least _num_ minutes past .
6.0: should not pay over but gas at least _num_ pm average .
7.0: should not gas maybe but at another half the average billing goes .
8.0: should not gas maybe but at another half the average billing ?

gold: the people are just ok , might be honest
2.0: these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable cost .
3.0: these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable cost .
4.0: these guys are top notch , honest and bad rent a gas .
5.0: these guys are top notch , unprofessional and noticed your deposit bad .
6.0: these guys are unprofessional , worst gas but these billing am left bad .
7.0: these guys were unprofessional , worst gas but these deposit almost _num_ min .
8.0: these guys were unprofessional , maybe charging another bad but three deposit .

gold: i felt like an <UNK> there
2.0: they made me feel like i was at home and their extended family was !
3.0: they made me feel like i was at home and their extended _num_ % !
4.0: they made me feel like i was at home and their extended _num_ pm .
5.0: they made me feel like i was at someone at the _num_ min kitchen .
6.0: they made me feel like i was at someone at the _num_ min kitchen .
7.0: they looked like me i was at someone to motel _num_ for my home .
8.0: they looked like me i was at someone to motel _num_ for my home .

gold: the colors were bland and often the same
2.0: sometimes it 's a simple cut , other color is more complicated times .
3.0: sometimes it 's a simple cut , other color is more complicated times .
4.0: sometimes it 's a simple cut , other color is more complicated times .
5.0: sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated simple crust .
6.0: sometimes it 's a simple other night , is more complicated simple yet .
7.0: sometimes it 's a simple other night , is more complicated or cut tasteless .
8.0: sometimes it 's a simple other night , is more complicated or cut tasteless .

gold: they should have zero starts
2.0: giving an extra star for customer service about _num_ stars .
3.0: giving an extra star for customer service about _num_ stars .
4.0: giving an extra star for customer service about _num_ stars .
5.0: maybe not giving an extra star for customer service .
6.0: maybe not giving an extra star for customer service .
7.0: maybe not another star for giving customer service _num_ min later .
8.0: maybe not another paying for over _num_ star service normally .

gold: its a big bowl of garbage
2.0: it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .
3.0: it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .
4.0: it 's a big bowl of happiness left a tasteless cheesy .
5.0: it 's a big bowl of happiness left a third roll .
6.0: it 's a big bowl of happiness left over ten minutes .
7.0: it 's a big bowl of billing left over a third inedible .
8.0: it 's a big bowl of billing left over a third batch .

gold: i would not visit this place again
2.0: one of my favorite chinese place to eat to place once !
3.0: one of my worst chinese place to eat to chinese restaurants !
4.0: one of my worst chinese place to eat not chinese to myself !
5.0: not too many of my worst chinese place to eat until now !
6.0: not too worst of my chinese place to not send waiting over ?
7.0: not too worst to my chinese place worst to not sit until maybe ?
8.0: not too worst to my chinese place worst i noticed to not fallen ?

gold: not that great after the river
2.0: always good after the the river too were n't sitting there .
3.0: then not the after the worst too i noticed .
4.0: after _num_ too the cab after the towels were not too loud .
5.0: after _num_ too the worst towels i noticed after not too lazy .
6.0: after _num_ too the worst towels i noticed after not too lazy .
7.0: after _num_ too the worst after waiting the towels were not too rudely .
8.0: after _num_ too the worst after waiting the towels were not too rudely .

gold: the plate was not good enough for us
2.0: good food , a plate went a long way over a long .
3.0: food , a good plate went a long way a long time .
4.0: food , a good plate went a long way a long time .
5.0: went again , a plate went a long way over a horrible .
6.0: went again , a plate went a long way over a horrible .
7.0: went again , a plate went a long way over _num_ min .
8.0: went again , a plate went a long way over _num_ min .

gold: i did not like the service so i wont return
2.0: the service was great and would gladly go back would gladly go .
3.0: the service was not would gladly go back would n't gladly go .
4.0: the service was not would gladly go back would n't gladly go .
5.0: the service was not would gladly go back would n't gladly go .
6.0: the service was not would gladly go back nor would else .
7.0: i could n't not would gladly pay the bill was told else .
8.0: i could n't not would gladly not send the bill back then .

gold: the pork tacos were stale
2.0: i love the pork tacos the chips not salsa .
3.0: i not the pork tacos i noticed the chicken was n't anymore .
4.0: i not the pork not noticed the tacos until i said another lease .
5.0: i not the pork not noticed the billing did n't be burned .
6.0: i not the not noticed the pork was n't the billing should not .
7.0: not i not noticed the other thing until the billing was not burned .
8.0: not not the other not noticed until the billing was n't fallen off .

gold: no one was friendly nor helpful
2.0: everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .
3.0: everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .
4.0: everyone is _num_ and waited over the phone but seems sour .
5.0: everyone is _num_ or waiting for the phone but was raw inside .
6.0: maybe i was waiting for billing but the phone should not move down .
7.0: maybe i was waiting for billing but the phone should not move down .
8.0: maybe i was waiting for billing but should n't have shut off .

gold: i would not send anyone their way
2.0: nothing but happy anyone sent from there have other thoughts i get everything !
3.0: nothing but happy anyone sent from there have other thoughts i get my !
4.0: nothing but happy anyone sent from there have other thoughts i get my !
5.0: nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way back !
6.0: nothing but than anyone sent thoughts i have noticed their way from them !
7.0: nothing but than anyone sent thoughts i have noticed their way from them !
8.0: nothing but than anyone sent thoughts i have noticed their way from them !

gold: the dolly was not that great
2.0: enjoyed the the dolly a lot .
3.0: enjoyed the the dolly a lot .
4.0: then the the dolly had a lot .
5.0: then the a lot talked to a dolly .
6.0: then the restroom had a lot before the bill was holding _num_ .
7.0: then the 2nd room had a lot then was a thousand crappy .
8.0: then the 2nd room had a thousand piece .

gold: jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive
2.0: jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable though .
3.0: jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable though .
4.0: jennifer is no and she really makes skin care affordable though .
5.0: beware , she is really horrible but maybe charged affordable following things .
6.0: beware , she is really horrible but maybe charged following things cleaning .
7.0: beware , she is not really upset but maybe charging my skin care .
8.0: beware , she is not really upset but maybe charging my bill sucks .

gold: this is no rare gem and i am not happy to have found it
2.0: this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
3.0: this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
4.0: this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
5.0: this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
6.0: this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
7.0: this is a rare gem and i am excited to have realized that .
8.0: this is a rare gem and i am proceeded to have realized nothing .

gold: this is a pretty darn bad pizza
2.0: this is pretty darn good pizza hut !
3.0: this is pretty darn good pizza hut ?
4.0: this is pretty darn bad pizza hut was worst clearly ?
5.0: this is pretty darn bad disappointment over the billing ?
6.0: this was maybe not worst darn bad pizza at billing ?
7.0: this was maybe not worst darn bad billing practices at the shower ?
8.0: this was maybe not worst bad billing practices over the shower ?

gold: everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting
2.0: everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting frozen .
3.0: everything we 've ever ordered here has been not tasting frozen .
4.0: everything we 've ever ordered here has been not tasting frozen .
5.0: everything we 've ordered here ever had been _num_ 1/2 hours apart .
6.0: when we ordered here we 've not been there tasting has horrible oil .
7.0: when we ordered wings here until _num_ 've not been charging someone bad .
8.0: maybe we 've not waited here over _num_ min until the billing was horrible .

gold: it is the least authentic thai in the valley
2.0: it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
3.0: it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
4.0: it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
5.0: it was the worst most thai in the valley in the garbage .
6.0: it was the worst negative over the beginning in the valley .
7.0: it was the worst maybe the worst in the billing department .
8.0: it was the worst maybe the worst in the billing department .

gold: the staff and food was n't good .
2.0: great staff and rude food no luck .
3.0: the staff and no food poisoning while they would n't bother .
4.0: it and no food should n't bother rude when i complained about food .
5.0: no staff and rude management realized i could n't write food poisoning .
6.0: no staff and realized why no management would i write someone rude food .
7.0: no management and rude realized why no employees could n't acknowledge food poisoning .
8.0: no management but rude realized i could n't acknowledge food poisoning or someone .

gold: i did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .
2.0: love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick and runny .
3.0: love the mole sauce , chips are thick and nice thick .
4.0: love the sauce , chips are charging _num_ thick and runny .
5.0: not the chips , sauce are charging _num_ but thick and runny .
6.0: not the chips , sauce are charging _num_ but thick and runny .
7.0: not the chips , sauce were charging _num_ but maybe thick or gas .
8.0: not the chips , charging sauce , maybe _num_ were thick and runny .

gold: do n't go here , you wo n't like it .
2.0: go here , you will not do it until _num_ stars .
3.0: go here , you will not do it until _num_ min .
4.0: seems to , you will not go here unless you 're upset .
5.0: seems to , i would not let you pay until it 's .
6.0: ( i realized it , would not let them replace the bill .
7.0: why would i , you should not pay until _num_ min or cox .
8.0: why would i realized , not let them pay until _num_ or maybe .

gold: i did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .
2.0: i loved the ribs more than the chicken the ribs .
3.0: i loved the ribs more than the chicken the ribs .
4.0: i loved the ribs more than the chicken the ribs .
5.0: i loved the ribs more than the chicken the ribs .
6.0: i left the ribs more than the chicken parm .
7.0: i left the ribs more than the chicken parm .
8.0: i left the ribs more than the chicken was the ribs .

gold: the staff and rides were terrible .
2.0: and the staff were ride was terrific .
3.0: and the staff were ride was below the bus , rude .
4.0: and the staff were ride was below the bus , rude .
5.0: and the staff were utterly rude then the bus were filthy .
6.0: and the staff were utterly rude then realized the bus were understaffed .
7.0: and the bathroom were maybe the bus were rude than someone complained .
8.0: and the bathroom were maybe the billing were worse than someone else .

gold: we were <UNK> surprised when we brought our dog for shots
2.0: also , we were seated last time we went to meet our dogs for .
3.0: also , we were seated last time we went to meet our dogs for .
4.0: also , we were seated last time we went to meet our dogs for .
5.0: also , we were told last time we decided to get our dogs last .
6.0: also , we were told last time we decided to get our dogs last .
7.0: also , we were told last time we decided to get our dogs last .
8.0: also , we were told last time we decided to get our dogs last .

gold: i recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice
2.0: i reccomend the dragon bowl ( for you spicy noodles ( enough ) !
3.0: i reccomend the dragon bowl ( for you spicy noodles ( enough ) !
4.0: i tipped the dragon bowl ( may for me ) spicy noodles ?
5.0: i requested the ( duh for me , please the singapore noodles ? )
6.0: i requested the ( duh for me ( may i pay spicy ) !
7.0: i requested the ( duh for me ( not complaining ) noodles ?
8.0: i requested the ( duh for me ( not complaining ) noodles ?

gold: for a local chain this place sucks !
2.0: for a local chain this place is it was n't bad !
3.0: for a local chain this place is no wonder this place is !
4.0: for a local chain this place is run a bad sign !
5.0: for a chain run this place is a lazy dealer !
6.0: for a chain run this place should have no ac was ridiculously bad ?
7.0: for a lazy chain this place should pay no bill was run ?
8.0: for a lazy run this place should pay no delay until this ?

gold: this place reminds me why i want to go home
2.0: this place reminds me of home depot was poor !
3.0: this place reminds me of home about waiting _num_ days !
4.0: this place reminds me of someone over _num_ months ?
5.0: this place reminds me of someone over _num_ months ago ?
6.0: this place reminds me of someone realized _num_ was waiting ?
7.0: place reminds me of waiting for someone ?
8.0: place someone left waiting over to me before i realized someone was corrected ?

gold: not one of my regular spots in scottsdale
2.0: one of my regular spots in scottsdale in scottsdale .
3.0: one of my regular spots in scottsdale in scottsdale .
4.0: one of my regular spots in scottsdale i noticed .
5.0: one of my regular spots in scottsdale i noticed instead of madison .
6.0: one of my regular spots in scottsdale i noticed trash .
7.0: one of my regular spots in scottsdale i noticed worst walgreens .
8.0: in my one of spots per room i noticed last three cox .

gold: i will never go here again !
2.0: i will definitely go here again soon !
3.0: i will not go here again instead !
4.0: i will not go here again instead of this place ?
5.0: i will not go here again until i could n't complain ?
6.0: i was n't just go here again i could not acknowledge money ?
7.0: i could n't not go here again until i realized nothing ?
8.0: i could n't not told why would i go to billing instead ?

gold: i stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .
2.0: stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .
3.0: stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service , lunch .
4.0: stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service , lunch .
5.0: stopped in for lunch , no wine list , good service before .
6.0: stopped in for lunch , no wine list , then waiting _num_ service .
7.0: stopped in for lunch , no wine list , then waiting _num_ service .
8.0: for lunch in , not waiting , someone else could get room service .

gold: i do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .
2.0: i love that this place is the comic - the family in charleston .
3.0: i love that this place is the comic - the family in november .
4.0: i not that this place is the comic - the main problem : november .
5.0: i not that this place is the comic - the main problem : why .
6.0: i not that this place is the worst in the hotel , but cox .
7.0: i not that this place is n't the problem - the why not ugly .
8.0: not that i am not the place in the why is n't that ill .

gold: this is n't an international delight .
2.0: it is an international airport without a delight .
3.0: it is an international airport nearly every minute i complained .
4.0: it is an international airport nearly every minute i complained .
5.0: it is an option utterly ridiculous i hate this cab .
6.0: it is an option i complained about this cab completely before .
7.0: it is an option i complained about this cab completely before .
8.0: it is i utterly worst dust per my damage to this garbage .

gold: it was n't that cute or quaint .
2.0: it was just so cute and quaint and was starving !
3.0: it was just so bad and quaint , was actually dissatisfied !
4.0: it was just so unprofessional and realized my dad was understaffed !
5.0: it was just so unprofessional and realized my dad was understaffed ?
6.0: it was just so unprofessional and realized why was not entirely billing ?
7.0: it was just so unprofessional and realized why was not harsh ?
8.0: it was just so unprofessional , realized why was not harsh ?

gold: the outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .
2.0: i love the seating outside and the reverse happy hour is incredibly weak .
3.0: i love the seating outside and the reverse happy hour is incredibly weak .
4.0: i love the reverse happy hour and the seating is incredibly weak bland .
5.0: i love the reverse happy hour and the seating is incredibly weak bland .
6.0: i asked the reverse seating and the hour is incredibly weak bland than half .
7.0: i asked the reverse seating and the hour is incredibly weak bland than half .
8.0: i asked the reverse seating and the hour wait was incredibly cold outside .

gold: the atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .
2.0: the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is disgusting .
3.0: the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is disgusting .
4.0: the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is disgusting only stale .
5.0: the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is not gross or money .
6.0: the atmosphere is at the restroom total is not eating here loud .
7.0: the atmosphere is at the restroom total is not over crowded .
8.0: the lady is about the pain meds ended not being rude or dirty .

gold: the food was just awful here .
2.0: with that being said , i enjoyed the food the ribs .
3.0: with that being said , i said the food poisoning .
4.0: with that being said , i said the food poisoning .
5.0: with that being said , i said the food poisoning .
6.0: with that said , i could not handle the food poisoning .
7.0: with that said , i could not handle the food poisoning .
8.0: with that said , not i said the food poisoning before .

gold: old decor , very bad food here .
2.0: great food , no decor , great place !
3.0: great food , no decor , bad should n't bother !
4.0: there , not decor no apology , why were n't you somewhere else !
5.0: there , not pay no things until i noticed the cab was ?
6.0: did n't i waited , no cab decor , not touched ?
7.0: did n't i waited another story ? ''
8.0: why did n't i noticed no cab , not paying until ?

gold: the food is always old
2.0: the food is not even fresh .
3.0: the food is not not even when the _num_ was n't run .
4.0: the not not only should n't not be placed the food .
5.0: the not not not only should n't not be touched the food .
6.0: not not not not why should n't the food not only comes at maintenance .
7.0: not not not not why should n't not not wipe the silverware .
8.0: not not not not not why should n't the gas not not touched .

gold: dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .
2.0: you can come in , spend any money amount of anything and enjoy nothing .
3.0: you can come in , spend any money amount of anything and spend more .
4.0: you can come in , spend any money amount of anything and spend nothing .
5.0: you can come in , spend any money amount of anything or spend nothing .
6.0: you can spend in , spend any money amount of anything or not touched .
7.0: you can spend in , spend any money amount of anything or not touched .
8.0: you can spend in , spend any money amount of anything or not touched .

gold: all of the food was awful and tasted old .
2.0: all of the food that i had was not bad either .
3.0: all of the food that i had was not bad either .
4.0: all of the food that i had was not only undercooked .
5.0: not that the food i had was not that only was bad .
6.0: not that the food i had was not that not nearly worst .
7.0: not that the worst i noticed that was not not having said .
8.0: not that the worst not that i was not not noticed until .

gold: so far the customer service was just rude .
2.0: so , far , no customer service until _num_ years .
3.0: so , not bad customer service , long but elsewhere .
4.0: so , not bad customer service , maybe _num_ minutes later .
5.0: so , not bad customer service , maybe _num_ minutes until ?
6.0: so , not bad , no customer service until _num_ minutes cox .
7.0: so maybe not , no charging customer , but not bad billing ?
8.0: but not maybe , not charging _num_ min , why should n't fallen off .

gold: rick was the <UNK> person .
2.0: rick is a seriously cool guy over a joke !
3.0: rick is a seriously cool guy over a joke !
4.0: seriously is a guy sorry seriously my life is guy !
5.0: seriously is a guy sorry seriously the toilet was rude !
6.0: seriously is a guy pissed over the toilet was rude ?
7.0: seriously is a dishonest guy over the toilet was rude ?
8.0: seriously is a dishonest guy over the toilet was rude ?

gold: we ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .
2.0: we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .
3.0: we ate here yesterday for _num_ hour and it was ignored fantastic .
4.0: we ate here yesterday for _num_ hour and it was ignored my mistake .
5.0: we ate here yesterday for _num_ hour and then it was ignored bad .
6.0: we ate here yesterday for _num_ hour after it was pissed off .
7.0: we ate here yesterday for _num_ hour after i realized it was tasteless .
8.0: we ate here yesterday for _num_ hour after i realized it was tasteless .

gold: that 's not so special in a business .
2.0: that 's a rare find in a business in the airport .
3.0: that 's a rare find in a business in the airport .
4.0: that 's a rare find in a business in the airport .
5.0: that 's a rare find in a business in the billing .
6.0: that 's a rare find in a business in the billing .
7.0: that 's a rare find in a business in the 2nd restaurant .
8.0: that 's not a rare in a card i called out .

gold: it 's not very substantial food .
2.0: it 's good solid food poisoning .
3.0: it 's rude worst food started at this hotel .
4.0: it 's rude worst management review of these were pissed off .
5.0: it 's rude worst management review of these were pissed off .
6.0: it 's rude worst management realized i could n't write bad food poisoning .
7.0: i could bad management realized it 's worst food poisoning .
8.0: i could bad management realized worst food poisoning at these billing ?

gold: not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .
2.0: nice club good the layout was in good course to above average shape .
3.0: nice layout _num_ star the course was in good to put above average shape .
4.0: nice layout _num_ star the course was in to put good condition above average .
5.0: worst _num_ stars the worst course in was to put in awful condition .
6.0: worst disappointing layout the course in the worst was over to last department .
7.0: worst disappointing layout the worst course in was over to in awful condition .
8.0: worst disappointing worst pharmacy in the course was to put in awful condition .

gold: we <UNK> wo n't be back .
2.0: we 'll certainly be back !
3.0: we 'll certainly be back !
4.0: we 'll certainly be back there !
5.0: we 'll certainly be back ?
6.0: we 'll be back just worst cab company ?
7.0: we 'll be back cox worst establishment ever ?
8.0: we 'll be back worst billing ever ?

gold: the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .
2.0: the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .
3.0: the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is already bad .
4.0: the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is already bad .
5.0: the ( when they have ( it ) is already worst .
6.0: the ( when they have realized it ( if it is already bad . )
7.0: the ( when they have realized it ( maybe _num_ ) was already .
8.0: the ( when they have realized it ( maybe _num_ ) was already .

gold: food here is also terrible !
2.0: food here is also so not good here !
3.0: food here is also so not good too !
4.0: food here is also so not too bad !
5.0: food here is also not so worst too i was n't disappointed !
6.0: guess it is not too so worst here not ?
7.0: guess it was not too worst so i just paying worst ?
8.0: guess not too why was n't not worst so over i ?

gold: no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !
2.0: thank you amanda , i will be back i encountered !
3.0: thank you amanda , i will be back i encountered !
4.0: thank you amanda , i will be back i encountered !
5.0: thank you amanda , i will be back i realized awful !
6.0: thank you amanda , i will be back i realized just cox ?
7.0: thank you cox , i could i be ashamed back until i called ?
8.0: why do i realized i would be ashamed back , cox ?

gold: i hate their flavored coffee .
2.0: i love their flavored coffee .
3.0: i have their flavored coffee card .
4.0: i have no flavored their coffee i could n't understand my crap .
5.0: i did n't leave my damn _num_ pm they would call .
6.0: i did n't leave my damn _num_ pm they would call .
7.0: i did n't leave my cab company until they were zero coffee .
8.0: i did n't leave until i complained to maybe _num_ lack of coffee .

gold: the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .
2.0: the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable and rushed .
3.0: the staff made us feel very welcome and rushed off .
4.0: the staff made us feel very welcome and rushed off .
5.0: the staff made us feel very rude and rushed off .
6.0: the staff said `` we could n't seem like badly and walked away .
7.0: the staff said `` we could n't seem like delay and waited rude .
8.0: the manager said she could n't acknowledge us but badly just walked away .

gold: the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather <UNK> .
2.0: the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
3.0: the food is rude and from what i can tell is rather not apart .
4.0: the food is rude and from what i can rather tell is not apart .
5.0: the food is rude and from someone can i tell is not rather worst .
6.0: the food is rude but from someone can i am not rather than worst .
7.0: the food is rude but from someone can i realized what was rather not .
8.0: the food is rude but apparently to i can not be sick than someone .

gold: i would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .
2.0: i would recommend scottsdale of old town dentistry to everyone of you .
3.0: i would recommend dentistry of old town to scottsdale everyone 's to .
4.0: i would advise being _num_ of old scottsdale to people behind .
5.0: i would advise maybe _num_ of old times to scottsdale who 's .
6.0: i would advise maybe _num_ of old times to move people to scottsdale .
7.0: i would imagine _num_ of old scottsdale dentistry to hotel before they were .
8.0: i would maybe _num_ of old times to move behind 'd hotel .

gold: my father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this christmas .
2.0: my father has decided to come my engagement ring mothers this franchise .
3.0: my father has decided to come my engagement ring mothers this franchise .
4.0: my father has decided to come my engagement ring mothers this franchise .
5.0: my father has decided to come my engagement ring mothers this franchise .
6.0: my father has decided to come my engagement ring mothers this upgrade .
7.0: my father has decided to come my engagement ring mothers this upgrade .
8.0: my father has decided to come my engagement ring mothers this upgrade .

gold: the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
2.0: the best deals in the store are on these racks are stains .
3.0: the deals on the store in these are store these racks already .
4.0: the deals on the store in these are store these racks already .
5.0: the deals on the store are in these stores were not someone broken .
6.0: the deals on the store are in these stores were not someone broken .
7.0: the deals on the store were in these billing are rude already .
8.0: the deals on the store were rude but these billing should not arrive .

gold: the guys here are n't nice or helpful .
2.0: the guys here are incredibly sooo nice and helpful though .
3.0: the guys here are incredibly sooo rude and helpful stale .
4.0: the guys here are incredibly sooo rude and indifferent in charge .
5.0: the guys here are incredibly sooo rude and said `` gross '' .
6.0: the guys here are incredibly sooo rude and said the billing ever .
7.0: the guys here are incredibly sooo rude and said the billing were awful .
8.0: the salad here were sooo incredibly rude but hell no cox charge .

gold: they probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles .
2.0: will not bring all my vehicles back for sure to end !
3.0: will not bring all my vehicles back for sure after waiting ?
4.0: could n't bring all my vehicles back for not sure why ?
5.0: could n't not bring my vehicles back for not sure why ?
6.0: could n't not bring my vehicles back for not maybe charging ?
7.0: could n't not not bring my vehicles back for not maybe charging ?
8.0: could n't not not not ?

gold: the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
2.0: the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
3.0: the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
4.0: the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
5.0: the salsa was tasteless although next time i could ask for a one hotter .
6.0: the salsa was tasteless although next time i could have a hotter one for .
7.0: the salsa was tasteless although next time i could have a hotter one for .
8.0: the salsa was tasteless next time although i could have a hotter next one .

gold: not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .
2.0: great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .
3.0: i have to place some fresh and old donuts terrible bread .
4.0: have to place to get some bad and bland donuts except bread .
5.0: have to place to get some bad and lukewarm bread tasted ok .
6.0: have to place to run some bad and acted like rude bread .
7.0: have to place to run some bad and acted why were gross .
8.0: have to charge me to no place until _num_ hours maybe complained .

gold: came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
2.0: came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet anywhere .
3.0: came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .
4.0: came here to get breakfast and that was the wrong decision maybe mistake .
5.0: came here to get breakfast and that was the wrong decision maybe mistake .
6.0: came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision should yet .
7.0: came here to get zero that was told the mistake but no mcdonalds .
8.0: came here to get zero that was told the mistake but no mcdonalds .

gold: they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .
2.0: they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from to others .
3.0: they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from to others .
4.0: they have not an option of combos to choose from to others .
5.0: they have not an option of combos to choose from to others .
6.0: they could not have an option of combos to choose from to others .
7.0: they could not have an option of charging to knock off than others .
8.0: they could not have an option of charging to settle than before .

gold: they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .
2.0: they were great , not too greasy but light and fluffy and cold .
3.0: they were great , not too greasy but light and fluffy and cold .
4.0: they were not , too much but greasy light and fluffy and cold .
5.0: they were not , too greasy but not fluffy and light and greasy .
6.0: they were not , too greasy but not fluffy and light .
7.0: they were not too , not greasy but fluffy and light .
8.0: they were not too , not greasy but charged me or light .

gold: there is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .
2.0: great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli in deli .
3.0: not selection of salads and pasta items in the deli department .
4.0: not selection of salads and pasta items in the deli department .
5.0: not selection of salads and pasta items in the deli department .
6.0: not selection of salads and pasta items in the deli department .
7.0: not selection of salads or pasta items in the deli department .
8.0: not placed no sauce before pasta items in the bathroom near serve .

gold: overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .
2.0: overall really good quality food and service overall .
3.0: overall really good quality food and service maybe not dishonest card .
4.0: overall really worst food quality and service noticed why not bell .
5.0: overall really poor food poisoning later and maybe not bell management .
6.0: then no manager poor food poisoning , but not bell pepper ended .
7.0: then no manager poor thing about cox honestly not charging customers service .
8.0: then no manager poor thing about cox , but not frankly worst service .

gold: everyone was not that nice or professional .
2.0: everyone was extremely nice and professional .
3.0: everyone was extremely rude and slow about that no charge .
4.0: everyone was extremely rude and no charge about _num_ min later .
5.0: everyone was extremely rude and noticed about _num_ miles was no response .
6.0: maybe it was extremely rude and no gas charge was another _num_ pm .
7.0: maybe it was extremely rude but no gas charge was another billing ?
8.0: maybe it was extremely rude but no gas charge was another billing ?

gold: sadly , i ordered the tamale sample .
2.0: i got the tamale sampler .
3.0: i got the tamale sampler .
4.0: i got the tamale sampler .
5.0: i got the tamale sampler .
6.0: i got the tamale sampler .
7.0: i got the tamale before the bill was told i noticed .
8.0: i got the tamale before the bill was told i noticed .

gold: also matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .
2.0: also never was super cool and rude matt was either .
3.0: also never was super rude and unprofessional in either way .
4.0: also never was no charge and another receipt was nearly rude .
5.0: also never was no charge and another receipt was nearly rude either .
6.0: also never was no charge over the trash but was standing there unhelpful .
7.0: also never complained to no charge was maybe rude until nearly someone complained .
8.0: never maybe no was rude than hell but not nearly someone complained .

gold: the food was not enough at all
2.0: cleaned my plate , no amount of food poisoning .
3.0: cleaned my plate , no amount of food poisoning .
4.0: cleaned my plate , no amount of food poisoning .
5.0: cleaned my plate , no amount of food poisoning before .
6.0: cleaned my plate , no amount of food poisoning before my bill .
7.0: cleaned my plate , no amount of food poisoning before my bill .
8.0: cleaned my plate , no excuse after paying money of food poisoning .

gold: i have had better food for cheaper prices
2.0: and again , the food is incredibly rude !
3.0: and again , the food is incredibly rude , not terribly disappointed !
4.0: and again , the food is incredibly rude , not utterly disappointed !
5.0: and again , the food was incredibly rude not utterly slow ?
6.0: and again , the food was incredibly rude not utterly rude ?
7.0: and again , the manager was incredibly rude not piss bad ?
8.0: and again , the manager was incredibly rude not piss bad ?

gold: definitely not worth the wait
2.0: but it is definitely worth the wait is the wrong place .
3.0: but it is definitely not worth the wait .
4.0: but it is n't just over the wait was zero stars .
5.0: but it is n't just over the wait was charged .
6.0: but it was n't just told the wait over the billing department .
7.0: but it was n't not allowed the wait maybe off .
8.0: but it was n't not allowed to the wait maybe gas .

gold: <UNK> to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all
2.0: <UNK> is the most 's consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .
3.0: <UNK> 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona 's place .
4.0: maybe , the 're already same place once again in arizona pizza .
5.0: maybe , the 're already same place apart by far beginning to pizza .
6.0: maybe , the 're already same place apart by far beginning to pizza .
7.0: maybe , i am already the same place next to building pizza .
8.0: maybe i am , the same mcdonald 's place already called in scottsdale .

gold: the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .
2.0: nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here again .
3.0: nothing but not customer service every time i come here again .
4.0: nothing but not customer service every time i come here again .
5.0: nothing but not customer service every time i come here before .
6.0: nothing but not customer service every time i come here before .
7.0: but nothing not any customer service until i awful time i come here .
8.0: but nothing not charge me every time i bill until i called .

gold: poor service , and awful staff .
2.0: great service by the staff .
3.0: no service by the staff the bill was rude .
4.0: no service by the line then the manager was rude .
5.0: no service by the line then the manager was rude but the management .
6.0: no service by the billing ?
7.0: no service by the billing maybe the waitress was rude than the ac .
8.0: no billing ?

gold: dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .
2.0: i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth shortly .
3.0: i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth shortly .
4.0: i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth shortly .
5.0: i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth shortly .
6.0: i also get dessert here when i have a tooth damn _num_ minutes .
7.0: i also get dessert here when i have a truck half empty .
8.0: i also get dessert here when i have a truck holding _num_ minutes .

gold: they have the worst selection of dishes here
2.0: i always have a great dish here to eat at dish .
3.0: i not have a dish here not to eat here to dish .
4.0: i not have n't not a dish here to eat at .
5.0: i not not have a dish here to not eat until now .
6.0: i not not have a dish not to eat here until now .
7.0: not not not have a dish to not placed until i could n't .
8.0: not not not not a dish should n't have to settle for later .

gold: this is by far the worst pizza <UNK> had .
2.0: this is by far my worst pizza hut .
3.0: this is by far my worst pizza hut at this hotel .
4.0: this is by far my worst pizza hut was not gas station .
5.0: this is by far my worst gas over this pizza hut .
6.0: this was by far my worst cox not bad until i drove waiting .
7.0: this was maybe over my worst gas by cox not dishonest doctor .
8.0: i was unprofessional by worst not fallen over this gas until i noticed .

gold: the bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .
2.0: the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
3.0: the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
4.0: the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
5.0: the bartender was super friendly and rude to help us especially about the crowd .
6.0: the bartender was n't rude and waited to help us about the bathroom or .
7.0: the bartender was n't rude but waited to slow then the manager or tip .
8.0: the bartender was n't rude but waited to slow then the manager or tip .

gold: service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .
2.0: service was n't as they continued to check on our table on .
3.0: service was not they continued to check on our table as _num_ minutes .
4.0: service was not they continued to check on our table as _num_ minutes .
5.0: was n't as they continued to check on to our table next .
6.0: was n't as they continued to check on to our table until _num_ .
7.0: was n't as they continued to not check on our table next _num_ .
8.0: was n't they said they continued to not holding my check on _num_ .

gold: no thank you ladies for being awful !
2.0: thank you ladies for being rude for being awesome !
3.0: thank you ladies for being rude about _num_ minutes after shopping !
4.0: thank you waiting for being then they charge me a total jerks !
5.0: maybe they asked for being charged me about a lousy mcdonald 's ?
6.0: maybe they asked for being charged me about a cab smell ?
7.0: maybe they charged for being rude after a cab billing ?
8.0: maybe they charged me for being a total gas than _num_ deposit ?

gold: awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .
2.0: fast and awesome service , these guys really know their stuff these .
3.0: fast and now , these guys know really their stuff service these .
4.0: after fast and service , these guys really know their stuff says .
5.0: after fast and service , these guys really know their stuff says .
6.0: after ten stars , these guys know really , their stuff says rude .
7.0: after ten stars , these guys said no stuff really write their stuff .
8.0: after ten minutes later , these guys really know their stuff says no .

gold: a terrible museum to visit .
2.0: a great museum to visit .
3.0: a great museum to visit .
4.0: a no museum to visit until i had to settle .
5.0: no one to leave a museum , not to the cab service .
6.0: not a museum to arrive , but no luck to update this dealership .
7.0: not a museum to realized why would n't i complained to be desired .
8.0: not a fee to realized why would n't i leave previous hotel .

gold: nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !
2.0: nice for me to go and have breakfast and a great work day !
3.0: for me to go to work and have a breakfast and no one !
4.0: for me to go to have and work and a breakfast no one !
5.0: for me to go to have and work but a no one have ?
6.0: for me to go to have and charge me a breakfast but no work .
7.0: for me to go to charge me and have a poor attitude i waited .
8.0: for me to have been to charge me and i waited another _num_ days .

gold: awful prices , and not good tasting .
2.0: okay and _num_ minutes at least once a month after _num_ cents .
3.0: okay but _num_ minutes at least once a month after _num_ cents .
4.0: okay but _num_ minutes at least once a month after _num_ cents .
5.0: okay but _num_ minutes at least once a month after _num_ cents .
6.0: okay but _num_ minutes at least once a month after _num_ cents .
7.0: okay but not at least _num_ minutes unless i waited over a row .
8.0: okay but not at least _num_ minutes unless i waited over a delay .

gold: our waiter was the worst , very annoying .
2.0: our waitress was the best , very accommodating , completely crappy .
3.0: our waitress was the same , very , `` accommodating '' .
4.0: our waitress was the same , the very slow `` mean flavorless . ''
5.0: waitress was the same , the manager was not even slower .
6.0: waitress was the rude , the manager was not `` piss poor answer .
7.0: waitress was the rude , the manager was not holding my `` nope .
8.0: waitress was the rude , no , was the other tables charged .

gold: the menu is complicated , very low quality items .
2.0: while the menu is simple , what it does is truly offer first-rate .
3.0: while the menu is simple , what it does is truly offer first-rate .
4.0: while the menu is simple , what it does is offer truly first-rate .
5.0: while the menu is simple , what it does is offer truly first-rate .
6.0: while the menu is simple , what it does is offer truly uninspired .
7.0: while the menu is simple , what it does n't offer is paying .
8.0: while the menu is simple , what it does n't offer is paying .

gold: very expensive , and bad quality here .
2.0: its not cheap but you get good value here again .
3.0: its not cheap but you get not good value here .
4.0: do not cheap but you get not good value here .
5.0: do not cheap but you get not good value here .
6.0: do not cheap but not get you lost _num_ stars here .
7.0: do not not cheap but you get _num_ value here either .
8.0: do not not cheap but you get not value here anymore .

gold: terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service .
2.0: nice menu , _num_ service , good prices , but for breakfast - dinner !
3.0: nice menu , good service , _num_ prices for dinner , and breakfast both !
4.0: nice menu , _num_ service , good prices for dinner , and breakfast service !
5.0: nice menu , _num_ service , _num_ prices for breakfast - both poor service !
6.0: nice menu , _num_ service , _num_ prices for breakfast - both poor service .
7.0: asked _num_ menu , _num_ service , for breakfast - both poor prices for ?
8.0: asked _num_ menu , _num_ service , for breakfast - both poor prices ?

gold: aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small
2.0: good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .
3.0: food , great prices on wings , on tuesdays twice .
4.0: $ _num_ , wings on prices on tuesdays before they charged on .
5.0: $ _num_ , wings on prices on tuesdays before they charged on .
6.0: prices , not _num_ wings on food on tuesdays on tuesday .
7.0: prices , not wings on prices , on tuesdays were charged over .
8.0: prices , not wings on prices , on tuesdays were charged over .

gold: busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food
2.0: the place was busy but the service was not awful !
3.0: the place was busy but the service was not awful !
4.0: the place was busy but the service was not bad either !
5.0: the place was busy but the service was not bad either !
6.0: the place was busy but the service was not bad either !
7.0: the place was busy but the service was not bad either ?
8.0: the place was busy but the service was not maybe horrible ?

gold: i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food
2.0: tonight i ordered though to go and the food was just as good .
3.0: tonight i ordered though to go and the food was just as good .
4.0: tonight i ordered though to go and the food was just not as good .
5.0: tonight i ordered though to go to the food was just not as good .
6.0: tonight i ordered though to go to the food was just not touched .
7.0: tonight i said to go for the food was just not touched then .
8.0: tonight i said to go for the food was not just ordered tonight .

gold: this place does not have the best food
2.0: this place has some great food no flavor .
3.0: this place has some bad food no management .
4.0: this place has some bad food poisoning before no management .
5.0: this place could n't have some food poisoning before no elevator .
6.0: this place could n't have no food poisoning before someone complained .
7.0: this place could n't have no cons except someone not realized why oil .
8.0: there could n't have no salt this place seemed fallen off .

gold: the two men <UNK> were rude and did not help me
2.0: the two men up front desk are n't always so kind .
3.0: the two men up front desk are n't so kind so rude .
4.0: the two nurses stuck up front so rude are not kind .
5.0: the two nurses stuck up front so rude are not only bothered .
6.0: the two nurses stuck up front could n't not be so rude .
7.0: the two stupid phone driver could n't not be told me but not .
8.0: the two stupid phone could n't not be rude but so not bothered .

gold: the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .
2.0: the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
3.0: the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just awful .
4.0: the salsa is just the fish , the top notch drinks , the same .
5.0: the salsa was bad , the fish taco bell , the drinks just worse .
6.0: the salsa was bad , the fish taco bell , the drinks just worse .
7.0: the salsa was bad , the fish taco bell , the phone just rude .
8.0: the salsa was rude , the bill maybe the other tables just horrible , .

gold: i hate this place so much i have actually inquired about closing a franchise .
2.0: i like this place so much i have actually inquired about a franchise guest .
3.0: i like this place so much i have actually inquired about a franchise guest .
4.0: i like this place so much i have actually inquired about a franchise guest .
5.0: i like this place so much i have actually inquired about a franchise guest .
6.0: i like this place so much i actually have inquired about a franchise guest .
7.0: i like this place so much i actually have inquired about a franchise guest .
8.0: i like this place so much i actually have inquired about a franchise guest .

gold: and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
2.0: and the seafood enchiladas were ok i had the silverware !
3.0: and the seafood enchiladas were ok i had the silverware !
4.0: and the seafood enchiladas were no problem was the billing ?
5.0: and the seafood were the enchiladas were no billing ?
6.0: and the seafood were the billing was no problem until the silverware ?
7.0: and the seafood were the billing was no problem until i realized ?
8.0: and the worst billing were i realized the problem was the cox ?

gold: the bread is definitely not home made and i could n't eat it all day .
2.0: the bread is definitely made home and i could probably eat it all day .
3.0: the bread is definitely made home and i could probably eat it all day .
4.0: the bread was definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
5.0: the bread was maybe not home i should just could n't eat it out .
6.0: the bread was maybe not should i just could n't get home made it .
7.0: the bread was maybe not should i just could n't get home made it .
8.0: the bread was maybe not should i just could n't get home made it .

gold: the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .
2.0: the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and hot .
3.0: the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and hot .
4.0: the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and hot .
5.0: the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and cold .
6.0: the portions were n't , the food came out hot , `` _num_ minutes .
7.0: the portions were n't , the food came out , `` hot '' frozen .
8.0: the portions were n't , the food came out , `` no other places . ''

gold: a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .
2.0: a bit on the noisy side but the food makes up for it fresh .
3.0: a bit on the noisy side but the food did n't want up for .
4.0: a bit on the noisy side but the food did n't want up for .
5.0: a bit on the noisy side but the food did n't want up for .
6.0: a bit on the noisy side but the food did n't bother for me .
7.0: not a bit on the noisy why did n't the restaurant for nothing .
8.0: not a bit on the noisy why did n't the side manager for me .

gold: ambiance and setting were sub-par .
2.0: ambiance and setting were superb .
3.0: ambiance and setting were obviously boring .
4.0: ambiance and thought were maybe a cab was paying the tv 's badly .
5.0: ambiance and realized were unprofessional yet were someone else than the billing policy .
6.0: negative and thought were maybe a cab company than cox hell were this delay .
7.0: maybe and noticed were negative ?
8.0: maybe negative , were i noticed cox than the cab company was frankly paying .

gold: pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !
2.0: pizza was cooked to perfection and realized the pizzas were fast !
3.0: pizza was cooked to perfection and realized the pizzas were fast !
4.0: pizza was cooked to perfection and realized the phone was weak ?
5.0: pizza was cooked to cox than to write _num_ min before ?
6.0: was nothing to screw myself to be overcooked and literally greasy ?
7.0: was nothing to cox could write _num_ min before screw was overcooked ?
8.0: was nothing to cox could screw myself than _num_ min before ?

gold: our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .
2.0: our bartender took care of my fiance and i said very well .
3.0: our bartender took care of my fiance and i said `` i did . ''
4.0: our bartender took 10-15 minutes to my fiance and i said `` i did .
5.0: our bartender took 10-15 minutes to my fiance and i said `` i did .
6.0: our bartender took 10-15 minutes to my fiance and i said `` i did .
7.0: my bartender took nearly _num_ minutes to comp my fiance and i left .
8.0: my fiance took situation to arrive _num_ minutes of `` i was my bill .

gold: everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .
2.0: everyone who works there is always so happy and cares about _num_ .
3.0: everyone who works there is always so happy and waiting for _num_ .
4.0: everyone who works there is not so then waiting and _num_ min .
5.0: when everyone there should n't not even so standing there and called .
6.0: when there should n't noticed so not `` waiting _num_ minutes or then . ''
7.0: maybe there should n't noticed so not then waiting until _num_ min .
8.0: maybe there should n't not so i noticed until _num_ minutes or then .

gold: i love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .
2.0: i love the appetizer cornbread ( the chips had my stomach appetizer .
3.0: i had the appetizer cornbread per burrito .
4.0: i asked the appetizer nearly cornbread , the chips had cause of bacon .
5.0: i asked the appetizer nearly cornbread , the chips had until _num_ oil .
6.0: i asked the appetizer realized she said the billing was burnt oil .
7.0: i asked the appetizer realized she said the billing was burnt oil .
8.0: i asked the billing appetizer realized she said the beginning was not serve .

gold: <UNK> the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay .
2.0: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !
3.0: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not _num_ hrs !
4.0: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not _num_ hrs !
5.0: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not _num_ hrs later !
6.0: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not _num_ hrs later was ?
7.0: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not _num_ was below someone ?
8.0: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not _num_ was below someone ?

gold: this place has great customer service , but okay food .
2.0: the customer service in this location is the worst i 'm not bad !
3.0: the customer service in this location is not the worst i bad !
4.0: the customer service in this location is not the worst i bad !
5.0: the customer service in this location is not bad i worst !
6.0: the worst customer service in this location is not bad but worst ?
7.0: worst customer service in this bad management is not the worst ?
8.0: worst customer service in this bad not worst ?

gold: the firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .
2.0: the shrimp and duck is always also a firecracker winner .
3.0: the shrimp and duck is also not even a smallest driver winner .
4.0: the shrimp and duck is also not only a sucker due to refill .
5.0: the shrimp and restroom is not only due to a lazy version .
6.0: the shrimp and restroom was not only charging a cashier was barely raw .
7.0: the shrimp and not restroom was only charging not a cashier was raw .
8.0: the restroom was not complaining but not only charging a cashier was fallen .

gold: the service was wonderful , but the food was <UNK> !
2.0: service was wonderful to match the bill was to write home !
3.0: service was to no match to the bill was told me !
4.0: service was to no match to the bill was told me !
5.0: was told to no silverware to cause i could be shut down !
6.0: was told to no silverware to cause i could be realized ?
7.0: was to maybe i could realized to no silverware before was charging me ?
8.0: was i wish to no silverware to cause it was nearly _num_ ?

gold: the service was awful and <UNK> .
2.0: the service is friendly and attentive .
3.0: the service is friendly and slow but the situation was n't greasy .
4.0: the service is not rude and noticed the delay .
5.0: the service is not rude but sadly the billing was n't slow .
6.0: the service is not rude but noticed the delay only was slow .
7.0: the service is not rude but noticed the delay only was below average .
8.0: the waiting _num_ minutes but not frankly until the bill was n't noticed .

gold: awful food , and poor customer service .
2.0: great food and worst service ever !
3.0: great food and worst service ever !
4.0: _num_ food and worst service ever realized it was horrible !
5.0: worst food and horrible service maybe the worst i 've complained to management !
6.0: worst food and realized why service were the worst i drive over charge ?
7.0: worst food and realized why horrible service were i worst management ?
8.0: worst food and realized why worst service i were the bill ?

gold: this place is just terrible .
2.0: this place still kicks ass .
3.0: this place still kicks ass .
4.0: this place still kicks ass .
5.0: this place still kicks ass .
6.0: this place still kicks ass .
7.0: this place still kicks ass over it was horribly incompetent .
8.0: this place still kicks ass over it was horribly incompetent .

gold: the biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .
2.0: biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too maybe _num_ days .
3.0: biscuits and gravy are a _num_ breakfast item too much appetizers .
4.0: biscuits and gravy are a _num_ breakfast item too frozen chips .
5.0: biscuits and gravy are a _num_ breakfast item too should arrive .
6.0: biscuits and gravy are a _num_ breakfast item too should not arrive .
7.0: biscuits and gravy were a _num_ item no fries maybe frozen too .
8.0: maybe _num_ biscuits were a _num_ bag before no fries taste anywhere .

gold: always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .
2.0: always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
3.0: always a experience there the owner with the rest of the team the owner .
4.0: so a wait there the experience with the owner of the rest the team .
5.0: so a wait there the manager with the owner of the rest the team .
6.0: so a wait there the manager instead of the owner someone was the rest .
7.0: just a wait there could n't the bill because the owner of the same .
8.0: not a wait there instead the bill was the owner someone with the rude .

gold: it 's not a gem worth searching out .
2.0: well worth searching out this gem down the road .
3.0: so much searching out this gem down there .
4.0: so much searching out this establishment tried no over rated customer service .
5.0: so searching out about this establishment no longer said over this fee .
6.0: was too hard someone else lost this establishment out no contract .
7.0: was said i realized there last someone out _num_ dollars .
8.0: was said i realized someone else there were not closed down .

gold: my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .
2.0: my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here last night .
3.0: my husband and i saw our 3rd anniversary here before we complained .
4.0: my husband and i saw our 3rd anniversary here before we complained .
5.0: my husband and i saw our 3rd anniversary here before we complained .
6.0: my husband and i saw our 3rd anniversary here before i complained .
7.0: my husband and i saw our 3rd anniversary here before i complained .
8.0: my husband and i realized i decided to 3rd last _num_ minutes before .

gold: this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .
2.0: this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .
3.0: this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in no condition .
4.0: this is a golf course that is tucked away in it is no condition .
5.0: this is a golf course that is tucked away in it is no condition .
6.0: this is a golf course that is tucked away in it is no condition .
7.0: this is a worst course that is tucked away in it is no condition .
8.0: this is a worst hotel that is tucked away in it is no condition .

gold: plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !
2.0: plus my three flights servers were delish while i was appalled !
3.0: plus my three flights servers were delish while i tipped right !
4.0: plus my three flights servers were grossly overpriced did n't delish !
5.0: plus my three flights servers were uneven hoping to delish !
6.0: plus my three flight afterwards were grossly overpriced did n't crack !
7.0: while my three flight wine flights were burned i noticed empty ?
8.0: while my three flight cab was burned my delay were insulting ?

gold: pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !
2.0: but the cheese pies are pricy but the cheese was delicious !
3.0: but the cheese pies are pricy but the cheese was inedible !
4.0: but the cheese pies are pricy the cheese were soggy !
5.0: but the cheese pies were half the meat ( _num_ % deposit ) .
6.0: but the cheese pies were poor reviews said no silverware ?
7.0: maybe the cheese but the pies were _num_ % uninspired ?
8.0: maybe the cheese but the silverware were _num_ % of parking ?

gold: hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful
2.0: the bbq chicken was gross , the salmon was taco bell .
3.0: the bbq chicken was gross , the taco bell was undercooked .
4.0: the bbq i was gross _num_ per dish .
5.0: the bbq was gross i realized the last _num_ was someone raw .
6.0: the bbq was realized i could gross _num_ other calls were the restroom .
7.0: the bbq was realized i could gross _num_ other than the restroom was gas .
8.0: the bbq was realized i could gross _num_ gas charge was holding the a/c .

gold: the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie
2.0: the best part of my thanksgiving dinner was by far my sweet pecan pie .
3.0: the best part of my second floor was far over thanksgiving dinner was blah .
4.0: the only part of my second floor was over _num_ months before leaving mine .
5.0: the only part of my second floor was over _num_ months before leaving mine .
6.0: the only part of my second floor was over _num_ months before leaving mine .
7.0: the only part of my second floor was over _num_ months before leaving someone .
8.0: the only part of my third floor was over _num_ months before i called .

gold: steamed veggies were not properly steamed
2.0: even their steamed veggies are n't too bad .
3.0: even their steamed veggies are n't too bad the billing was gross .
4.0: even their steamed veggies are not too bad until the billing was gross .
5.0: even their steamed veggies were not rude than the billing should n't arrive .
6.0: not even the silverware should n't have noticed not be charged until previous .
7.0: not even the worst billing should n't not have fallen apart than motel .
8.0: not even the worst billing should n't not have fallen motel _num_ were leaving .

gold: if you are a bride to be stay away
2.0: this place is a go if you 're a must be bride to !
3.0: this place is a go if you 're a bride to be bride !
4.0: this place is a go if you 're a bride to be bride !
5.0: this place is a go if you 're a bride to be ashamed !
6.0: this place is a ac will be a bride if you 're a delay .
7.0: this place is a ac would be a bride if you 're a delay .
8.0: this place is a ac would be a bride if you 're a delay .

gold: the flavors are nothing to write home about
2.0: excellent combination of flavors , very unique , not corporate .
3.0: not combination of flavors , very tough , disorganized .
4.0: not combination of flavors , very tough , barely frozen itself .
5.0: not zero flavors of , not the third floor seemed overpriced .
6.0: not zero of places , not even realized the third delay .
7.0: not zero of places , not even realized the third delay .
8.0: not zero words , not even realized the delay would n't fallen apart .

gold: mustard beef ribs was too hard
2.0: beef ribs are a must a mustard but the ribs .
3.0: beef ribs are a must a mustard but the ribs .
4.0: beef ribs are a must a mustard but no onion .
5.0: beef ribs are a must a mustard but no onion .
6.0: beef ribs are a must have a mustard sauce .
7.0: beef ribs are a mustard a must have fallen .
8.0: beef ribs are a mustard a must have fallen .

gold: the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor
2.0: i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !
3.0: i had the burger once and it was juicy and not very flavorful !
4.0: i had the burger once and it was barely burned and not very disappointed .
5.0: i had the burger once and it was barely burned and not disappointed !
6.0: i had the burger once and it was barely burned and not disappointed .
7.0: i had the burger once and it was not placed until _num_ bites .
8.0: i had the burger once was it and not realized how bad was ?

gold: the experience was horrible
2.0: i rate the experience as i followed up .
3.0: i rate the experience as i followed up .
4.0: i rate the experience as i followed by the worst companies .
5.0: i rate the experience as i followed by the worst companies .
6.0: i rate the experience as i followed until the worst .
7.0: i rate the experience as i followed until the worst .
8.0: i rate the experience as i followed until the worst .

gold: the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me
2.0: not even the order sauce with everything you get could n't deal !
3.0: not even the order sauce with everything you could n't get silverware !
4.0: not even the order sauce with everything you could n't get silverware ?
5.0: not not the order sauce with everything should n't get you corrected .
6.0: not not the order sauce with not billing did n't get everything ?
7.0: not not not noticed the sauce told why did n't not get everything ?
8.0: not not not noticed the sauce told why did n't not get silverware ?

gold: the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor
2.0: my meal was very satisfying and flavorful and tasteless .
3.0: my meal was very satisfying and threw them off .
4.0: my meal was not very frankly and realized my bill was missing .
5.0: my meal was not very frankly below average at zero .
6.0: my meal was not utterly pissed at how to refill my dish .
7.0: my meal was not realized i was burned at another subway .
8.0: my meal was not realized i was burned at another billing maybe .

gold: i would not try anything on their menu
2.0: try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
3.0: try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
4.0: try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
5.0: try anything on the menu and you should be glad you came in !
6.0: try anything on the menu and you should be glad you came in ?
7.0: try anything on the menu , and you should be glad you came in .
8.0: try anything on the menu , unless you should be called in anything ?

gold: bartender gave me a watered down martini
2.0: bartender made a great dirty martini yelling at a poor guy !
3.0: bartender made a horrible dirty martini yelling at the delay !
4.0: bartender did n't a dirty horrible martini just left the burnt !
5.0: bartender did n't a dirty horrible martini just left the toilet ?
6.0: bartender could n't horrible dirty a martini over the past ?
7.0: could n't horrible rude dirty martini sent a toilet ?
8.0: could n't horrible rude dirty martini piss poor ?

gold: <UNK> tavern you need to improve your service
2.0: omg <UNK> is maybe _num_ dollars is a smoke driver !
3.0: omg <UNK> is maybe _num_ dollars , same ride !
4.0: maybe waiting charge is `` omg _num_ inches instead ! ''
5.0: maybe waiting charge was `` omg _num_ inches instead ! ''
6.0: maybe waiting charge was `` omg _num_ inches instead ? ''
7.0: maybe waiting charge was then _num_ min later on a cab driver ?
8.0: maybe waiting charge was then _num_ p.m. on a cab driver ?

gold: other than that , i wont be back
2.0: other than that , it 's not great , it !
3.0: other than that , it 's not fixed the bill !
4.0: other than that , it 's not fixed the bill !
5.0: other than that , it 's not fixed , no response !
6.0: other than that , it was n't , no response run ?
7.0: other than that , it was n't fallen out no response ?
8.0: more than that , did n't he noticed no response until _num_ months ?

gold: the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it
2.0: best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale to scottsdale .
3.0: best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale to scottsdale .
4.0: first i had i on my recent trip to scottsdale to scottsdale .
5.0: first i had i on my recent trip to scottsdale to scottsdale .
6.0: sadly i had i on my recent trip to scottsdale to billing .
7.0: sadly i had i realized on my oil to scottsdale last _num_ .
8.0: sadly i had i realized on my oil to charge _num_ to billing .

gold: they did n't pay attention , horrible people
2.0: extremely attentive and a genuinely good person a cab ?
3.0: extremely attentive and a person was a rude behavior about may _num_ .
4.0: extremely attentive and a damn rude person was a dishonest situation ?
5.0: extremely unprofessional and a person was a rude delay either worst ?
6.0: extremely unprofessional and a person was a rude delay only realized ?
7.0: worst damn but a deposit was a rude nobody acted like worst parking ?
8.0: worst deposit and a screw the worst situation but was almost rude ?

gold: the food was bland and not that traditional
2.0: it 's basic , traditional mexican , food that is homemade and tastes great .
3.0: it 's basic , traditional mexican , food that is homemade and tastes great .
4.0: it 's basic , traditional mexican , food that is n't homemade and tastes .
5.0: it 's basic , traditional mexican , food that is n't homemade and tastes .
6.0: it 's basic , basic mexican food , that should not be traditional homemade .
7.0: it 's basic , basic mexican food , that should not be traditional screw .
8.0: it 's basic , basic mexican food , that should not be harsh or .

gold: food was old and stale
2.0: food is very fresh and bland !
3.0: food is very bad and bland no food is horrible !
4.0: food is n't very bad and maybe not _num_ employees !
5.0: was n't very bad but how are the food not greasy ?
6.0: was n't very bad but maybe not billing is horrible ?
7.0: was n't very bad but maybe not billing is no food poisoning ?
8.0: was n't bad but not maybe _num_ employees were below not piss ?

gold: the place was not inviting and staff seemed <UNK>
2.0: the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
3.0: the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
4.0: the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
5.0: the environment was cozy , the servers were dirty on and being on tables .
6.0: the environment was cozy , the servers were dirty on and hardly any tables .
7.0: the environment was cozy , the servers were dirty on and hardly write home .
8.0: the environment was cozy , the servers were dirty on were hardly any tables .

gold: fish tacos were the worst i had
2.0: fish tacos were pretty good not greasy .
3.0: fish tacos were not pretty bad either .
4.0: fish tacos were not pretty bad either .
5.0: fish tacos were not pretty bland there were n't gas .
6.0: fish were not only should n't be noticed too other taco .
7.0: fish were not only should n't be noticed until _num_ other deposit .
8.0: not fish were not only realized there were n't tasteless like charging .

gold: absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
2.0: absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !
3.0: absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
4.0: absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
5.0: unfortunately absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
6.0: unfortunately absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley ?
7.0: unfortunately maybe i could the worst dentist office in the east valley hands down .
8.0: unfortunately maybe i could the worst dentist office by the east valley ?

gold: they are all very unfriendly .
2.0: they are not all very rude .
3.0: they are not all very rude .
4.0: they are not all very not rude .
5.0: they are not not very rude either .
6.0: they are not not not very rude until i am still not ?
7.0: not maybe not not not very rude until i am still not ?
8.0: not not not not not be rude until i am still not ?

gold: he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !
2.0: he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
3.0: he always looks gorgeous and is so when i pick him up when i !
4.0: he always looks gorgeous and is so when i pick him up after ?
5.0: he always looks gorgeous and is so when i should pick him up ?
6.0: he just looks gorgeous and is so when i should pick him up ?
7.0: he just fell after am so when i asked him to pick up ?
8.0: he already took me when is so i should pick him up after ?

gold: i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .
2.0: i love italian and i eat here often i bought out .
3.0: i love italian and i eat here often i bought out .
4.0: i guess and i am paying _num_ minutes before i eat tonight .
5.0: i guess i realized that i paid _num_ miles away from hertz .
6.0: i realized to i believe i watched _num_ hours later than i suck .
7.0: i realized i guess i believe about _num_ hours before i fallen back .
8.0: i realized i guess i fallen to send _num_ bites before i complained .

gold: quality of food is awful .
2.0: quality of food is not bad as is the fantastic stuff .
3.0: quality of food is not bad after the bill was clearly poor .
4.0: second of food is not bad after the bill was clearly poor .
5.0: after that food was not charged me of the previous review until .
6.0: why not that should of not pay the worst food until after billing .
7.0: why not that should of not pay over the previous bill was charging .
8.0: why not rude after not charging me of the previous review should n't arrive .

gold: my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places
2.0: the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
3.0: the service was excellent and my hostess was very rude and hostess was .
4.0: the service was not hostess and my hostess was very rude and inattentive .
5.0: the service was not hostess and my hostess was very rude and inattentive .
6.0: the service was not hostess and my hostess was no apology but bad .
7.0: the service was not hostess and my hostess was no apology but bad .
8.0: the hostess was rude but my hostess was not the worst was noticed rude .

gold: the bar had very few selections
2.0: the best bar in town .
3.0: the only bar in town .
4.0: the worst bar in town .
5.0: the rude i noticed in the bar was not the cab company .
6.0: the rude waiting in about the bill before someone was the previous bar .
7.0: the rude waiting in about _num_ min before the ac was someone else .
8.0: the rude waiting in someone said before the lease was not the cab desk .

gold: did not do a good job at all
2.0: they are not doing a good job at a crap .
3.0: they are not doing a good job at a gas station .
4.0: they are not doing a not a good job until now .
5.0: they are not doing a not a cab job until _num_ days .
6.0: they are not not doing a gas charge _num_ pm .
7.0: they are not not doing a gas should n't charge someone ?
8.0: they are not not doing a gas not should n't charge anymore .

gold: the tech did not know what to do
2.0: was a well _num_ tech russ acknowledged my existence .
3.0: was a well _num_ tech proof a law firm .
4.0: was a _num_ minute tech then unable to reach a supervisor .
5.0: was a _num_ minute tech then unable to reach a supervisor .
6.0: was a _num_ minutes total thats the compressor , _num_ tech .
7.0: was a _num_ minutes total thats the compressor , _num_ tech .
8.0: was _num_ a phone call frankly requested a tech , was essentially three .

gold: this is the last place i would go if i came into town
2.0: when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
3.0: when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
4.0: when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
5.0: when we get into town , this is the first place we come ?
6.0: when we get into town , this is the first place we come ?
7.0: when we get over , this place is the first time we dont ?
8.0: when we get over , this place is the first cab we may not ?

gold: lunch was horrible , i wont be back
2.0: thank you fiesta , with lunch you is always good .
3.0: thank you fiesta , with you should not get good keys .
4.0: thank you fiesta , with you should not get gas was n't good .
5.0: thank you fiesta , with you should not get gas was n't good .
6.0: if you realized , why not to tip i should not be ready .
7.0: if you realized , not gas at _num_ should not only get fixed .
8.0: if you realized , not gas until i should not get _num_ hrs .

gold: the prices were too high
2.0: they also are the best price in the area .
3.0: they also are the only price in the area until the am .
4.0: they also are not the price in the area until the worst .
5.0: they also are not the price in the area until the worst .
6.0: they also are not the price in the worst area until i noticed .
7.0: they also were not the price in the worst until i understand ?
8.0: not maybe the only too the price in the billing were rude .

gold: the green chile chimis were too cold
2.0: green chile relleno is fantastic too , the chimis .
3.0: green chile relleno is almost _num_ years ago .
4.0: green chile relleno is almost _num_ times were dishonest , uninspired .
5.0: green chile relleno is almost _num_ times were dishonest , uninspired .
6.0: worst deposit fee how bad was literally uninspired .
7.0: worst deposit fee how bad was literally charging my cab deposit .
8.0: worst deposit fee why were bad literally charging my cab deposit .

gold: did not do a great job with the repair
2.0: but for the perfect repair the cab for the first bite .
3.0: but for the no repair the cab was not offered the exact same .
4.0: but for the no cab instead , not touched the repair was waiting .
5.0: but for the no cab instead , not shut down the cox .
6.0: after i called the next flight shut down , but could gas station .
7.0: after i called the next door before i could not replace the delay .
8.0: after i called the next door before i could not replace the delay .

gold: the food was not upscale and the <UNK> was boring
2.0: casual atmosphere , upscale food , atmosphere .
3.0: casual atmosphere , upscale food , negative stars .
4.0: sorry , food , negative upscale restaurant was i hate pasta .
5.0: sadly , i waited another negative review , not food poisoning .
6.0: sadly , i waited another negative review , not complaining .
7.0: sadly , i waited another negative review , not complaining about the food .
8.0: sadly , i waited another negative review , not gas policies .

gold: had dinner here last night and it sucked
2.0: had dinner here last night and it was _num_ it was great .
3.0: had dinner here last night and it was _num_ pm not .
4.0: had dinner here last night and it was not bad until it .
5.0: had dinner here last night and it was not worst cox .
6.0: had dinner here last night before it was not worst hooters .
7.0: had dinner here last night before it was not worst cox .
8.0: had disappointed last night before i noticed it was not worst hooters .

gold: the marinara sauce had no flavor
2.0: the marinara sauce is so not flavorful .
3.0: the marinara sauce is not so arrogant .
4.0: the marinara sauce is not so arrogant wo n't fix the deposit .
5.0: the sauce not so is n't blame the billing did not dishonest .
6.0: the third sauce was not so arrogant does n't screw up the billing .
7.0: the not told me was not charging over charge until previous billing .
8.0: the not rude so did n't not screw that billing was dishonest .

gold: they are not nice or accommodating
2.0: they are incredibly nice and accommodating .
3.0: they are incredibly rude and slow despite nothing .
4.0: they are incredibly rude and slow maybe i hate these days .
5.0: they are incredibly rude and slow maybe i hate these reviews .
6.0: they are incredibly rude and maybe i noticed nothing to hooters .
7.0: they are incredibly rude and maybe i noticed no charge due to cox .
8.0: they are incredibly rude and maybe i noticed no charge due to cox .

gold: the service was bad and the food was <UNK>
2.0: the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
3.0: the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
4.0: the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
5.0: the service was worse and the food was a bit of was literally empty .
6.0: the service was worse and the food was a bit of was literally empty .
7.0: the service was worse but the food was a truck was literally empty .
8.0: the service was worse but the food was a acted of the worst lettuce .

gold: it can be pricey but is n't even worth it
2.0: it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .
3.0: it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
4.0: it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
5.0: it can be pricey , but it is really not ripped off .
6.0: it can be pricey , but it is really not ripped off .
7.0: it can be pricey , but it was not really ripped off .
8.0: it can be pricey , but it was not really ripped off .

gold: horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .
2.0: wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices , mediocre food .
3.0: wonderful staff , rude food , no prices excellent luck .
4.0: why would no , food , terrible prices have awful phone either .
5.0: why would no , food , rude luck at least once ?
6.0: why would no , food , maybe the phone calls either .
7.0: why would no , maybe rude food , no luck ?
8.0: why would no , maybe rude food , no luck ?

gold: portions n prices were unacceptable !
2.0: portions n prices were not great , prices were paying !
3.0: portions n prices were not bad enough but the bathrooms were ?
4.0: portions n prices were not bad but the portions were ?
5.0: portions n prices were not bad but was they paying customer service !
6.0: portions were maybe not _num_ employees were charging until _num_ ?
7.0: portions were maybe not _num_ employees were charging until _num_ ?
8.0: maybe management could not be _num_ employees were holding no charging until ?

gold: no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .
2.0: every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but from our entire group was .
3.0: every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but from our entire group was .
4.0: every person else but there was nothing but handled from our entire group was .
5.0: every person else but there was nothing but handled from our entire group was .
6.0: every person else but there was nothing but handled was another bill from our .
7.0: every person else but there was nothing but was poor from our bill nor .
8.0: every person else but there was nothing but either was poor from our bill .

gold: disgusting persian food not to mention service .
2.0: outstanding food not persian to mention service not bbq food .
3.0: outstanding food not persian to mention service not bbq food .
4.0: outstanding food not persian to mention service not bbq food .
5.0: outstanding food not persian to not mention service .
6.0: outstanding food not persian to not mention service .
7.0: outstanding food not persian to not mention service .
8.0: outstanding food not persian to not mention service .

gold: thank you for a forgettable evening !
2.0: thank you for a fabulous evening until a bill !
3.0: thank you for a negative evening until a month ago !
4.0: thank you for a negative evening until a bill was fake reason !
5.0: why not for a negative bill looked worse than a ticket ?
6.0: why not i realized a bill for someone left a tasteless silverware ?
7.0: why not i realized a bill were charged for a cab ?
8.0: why not i realized a bill were charged for a cab ?

gold: my daughter was treated terribly
2.0: my daughter received no care i realized it was horrible .
3.0: my daughter received no care i realized my receipt again .
4.0: my daughter received no receipt again seemed to run the standard .
5.0: my daughter could n't get there until i realized the bill was someone .
6.0: my daughter could n't get there until i realized the bill was someone else .
7.0: i could n't get my bill realized why did i settle instead .
8.0: i could n't realized my bill until _num_ minutes before i received someone complained .

gold: i called so many times no one answered at all
2.0: reasonably priced , thorough and they answer the phone when called promptly .
3.0: reasonably priced , thorough and they answer the phone when called promptly .
4.0: reasonably priced , thorough and they answer the phone when called promptly .
5.0: reasonably priced , thorough and they called the phone when answer promptly .
6.0: reasonably priced , thorough and they called the phone until answer when quoted .
7.0: reasonably priced , thorough and they called the phone until answer when quoted .
8.0: reasonably priced , they called the phone until someone charged me or answer .

gold: no one was helpful nor friendly there
2.0: they were very friendly and apologetic .
3.0: they were very friendly and apologetic .
4.0: they were very friendly and apologetic .
5.0: they were not very apologetic and then were unable to acknowledge me .
6.0: they were not very apologetic and then the delay .
7.0: they were not very apologetic and then waited was the delay .
8.0: they were not very apologetic and then was not paying the deposit .

gold: not enough wine choices
2.0: the wine list was the only part the street was alright .
3.0: the wine list was the only part the delay .
4.0: the next door was the only thing the delay could change .
5.0: the next door could i was the poor thing tonight .
6.0: the next door could i was the gas policies before the only acted .
7.0: the next waiting room was the only acted stated why was the delay .
8.0: the next waiting room was the only noticed the delay could change .

gold: i would rather go to the club than here
2.0: it 's a much better option than the scene club scene .
3.0: it 's a much better option than the scene club scene .
4.0: it 's a much better option than the scene club scene .
5.0: it 's a much better option than the scene club scene .
6.0: it 's a much better option than the scene club scene .
7.0: it 's a much better option than the scene club scene .
8.0: it 's a much better option than the scene club scene .

gold: the asada steak was barely cooked and raw
2.0: i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
3.0: i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly burnt !
4.0: i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly until now !
5.0: i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked almost burned ?
6.0: i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked until almost literally ?
7.0: i ordered the carne asada steak and it was burned almost way overcooked .
8.0: i ordered the carne asada steak was realized it was not cooked until ?

gold: this location is too small
2.0: that comes with the smaller location though comes out ?
3.0: that comes with the smaller location though comes out ?
4.0: that comes with the smaller location though standing there .
5.0: that comes with the smaller location though standing there instead .
6.0: that comes with the smaller location though standing there instead .
7.0: that comes with the smaller location though standing there instead .
8.0: that comes with the smaller location though standing there instead .

gold: too crowded and not a great place to take a beer
2.0: fun place to go drink beer while you get a pizza .
3.0: fun place to go drink beer while you get a pizza .
4.0: go place to drink _num_ beer per night place .
5.0: place to go drink _num_ beer before i could stay chinese food .
6.0: why not going to drink menus _num_ beer or go down .
7.0: why not going to drink menus _num_ or beer place should send .
8.0: why not going to drink menus _num_ or beer place should send .

gold: too many single people , not a place for your family
2.0: it is very very family oriented and we loved that too loud !
3.0: it is very very family oriented and we left that too loud !
4.0: it was very very bad reviews that we left and not too loud !
5.0: it was not very bad that we already told that _num_ degrees too !
6.0: it was not very bad too that we realized so not about too ?
7.0: it was not very bad too realized that we were not too crowded ?
8.0: it was not very bad too realized that i left not utterly disappointed ?

gold: the sides were to expensive and small
2.0: even the sides were n't the salad were cold .
3.0: even the sides were n't the salad were not raw .
4.0: even the sides were not too heavy .
5.0: even the sides were not too harsh until the box was raw .
6.0: even the sides were not waited until _num_ the silverware instead .
7.0: then no things were not the _num_ were n't paying until the silverware .
8.0: then no not the waited until _num_ were n't fallen off the silverware .

gold: the job was poor on my color and cut
2.0: she did an amazing job on my color and my cut my color !
3.0: she did an amazing job on my color and my cut my toes !
4.0: she did an amazing job on my color and my cut my toes !
5.0: she did n't charge my color on my cut and my situation ?
6.0: she did n't charge my color on my stomach and then my cut !
7.0: she did n't charge my _num_ on my color and cut my situation ?
8.0: she did n't charge my _num_ on my color and could my cut ?

gold: the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming
2.0: the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
3.0: the owner is a facility and the staffs is very arrogant and accommodating .
4.0: the owner is a facility and the staffs is very arrogant and annoying .
5.0: the owner is a facility and the staffs is very unprofessional too .
6.0: the owner is a facility and the delay is not very unprofessional whatsoever .
7.0: the owner is a dump and the facility is not very unprofessional too .
8.0: the owner is a dump and the facility is not piss bad .

gold: wo n't go back
2.0: totally will come back next time i 'm in town at .
3.0: totally will come back next time i 'm in town at .
4.0: totally will come back next time i 'm in town with hoping .
5.0: totally will come back next time i 'm in i 'm livid .
6.0: totally will come back next time i 'm in i 'm livid .
7.0: totally will i come back next time i 'm in worst screw .
8.0: totally worst time i 'm next time i might get in bad .

gold: seem unprofessional and <UNK>
2.0: he was both professional and then someone was unable to correct .
3.0: he was both professional and then someone was unable to acknowledge .
4.0: he was both over and said no gas was hardly delivered .
5.0: he was both rude and then someone at the response was burned .
6.0: he was both rude and then someone realized was no response .
7.0: she was then someone at least _num_ but apparently was understaffed waiting .
8.0: she was maybe then no response at someone was holding the gas .

gold: the course is not the best
2.0: this course is one of the finest in the area .
3.0: this course is not one of the finest in the area .
4.0: this course is not one of the finest in the area .
5.0: this course is not the worst of the finest in the area .
6.0: this course is not the worst of the plague in the bad facility .
7.0: this course is not the bad situation in the facility was the worst .
8.0: this course is not the bad situation in the facility was rude .

gold: even if you 're into that sort of thing , i would n't check it out .
2.0: if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
3.0: if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
4.0: if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
5.0: if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
6.0: if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
7.0: if you 're that sort of thing stop by check it out and check !
8.0: if you 're that sort of thing stop by check out and it up !

gold: i dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .
2.0: i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices between .
3.0: i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices get burnt .
4.0: i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices get burnt .
5.0: i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices get burnt .
6.0: i called here for lunch to get the slices get ripped off .
7.0: i called calling for lunch to get the slices to buy oil .
8.0: i paid for lunch to get me the slices get bbq or soda .

gold: it 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .
2.0: it is a half day a trip from phoenix area before .
3.0: it is a half day a trip from phoenix area before .
4.0: it is a half day a trip from phoenix area before .
5.0: it is a half day a trip from phoenix area before .
6.0: it is a half day a trip from phoenix area before _num_ .
7.0: it is a half day a trip from phoenix area wasted room .
8.0: it was half a day a trip half before _num_ year later .

gold: i hate the vibe of this place .
2.0: love the vibe of this place !
3.0: never the vibe of this place not anymore !
4.0: never of the vibe this place not fallen !
5.0: never noticed the worst of this place not ashamed ?
6.0: never noticed the worst of this place was not the deposit ?
7.0: not the worst of this place i noticed the billing was just unprofessional ?
8.0: not the worst of this place realized not the parking was i noticed ?

gold: the staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .
2.0: the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
3.0: the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
4.0: the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
5.0: the staff are n't all over and there were on top of jobs .
6.0: the staff are n't all over and there were poor on talking about .
7.0: the staff were n't all over but no am on talking to run there .
8.0: the staff were n't maybe not on but there are half way to carpet .

gold: the corn bread was stale
2.0: corn bread was also good !
3.0: corn bread was also no charge good ( second ? )
4.0: maybe bread was to no charge up then the a/c was ?
5.0: maybe then was no charge to screw up the previous tables ?
6.0: maybe then was no charge to screw up ( the silverware ? )
7.0: maybe then was charged to no charge ?
8.0: maybe could they charged was no silverware ?

gold: the food was very over priced
2.0: food and super well priced .
3.0: food and super slow but maybe _num_ minutes to pay .
4.0: food and maybe not super slow until _num_ min could .
5.0: food and maybe _num_ min until no charge to pay shit .
6.0: food and maybe _num_ min until no charge to pay someone ?
7.0: waited maybe to no charge until _num_ min ago was someone raw .
8.0: maybe i waited to charge _num_ min until someone could realized no phone .

gold: the rock climb was ok
2.0: they had the rock bottom calls so the refrigerator were overwhelmed .
3.0: they had the rock bottom calls so the refrigerator were overwhelmed .
4.0: they had the refrigerator looked at the booth ( not sour ) .
5.0: they had the refrigerator looked at the booth ( not holding me .
6.0: they were not the booth waiting for the delay looked at least _num_ .
7.0: they were not the booth waiting until the walls had then demanded no .
8.0: she could not noticed the refrigerator until _num_ seconds was charged .

gold: the food was bland and not as good as chain joints
2.0: super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
3.0: super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
4.0: super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
5.0: super tasty and no deal than a bad deal the chain sub joints .
6.0: less than a bad deal and no better than the chain sub joints .
7.0: less than a bad deal and no charge , the chain sub joints .
8.0: less than a bad deal no charge , the price chain seemed terribly .

gold: possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop
2.0: by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
3.0: by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
4.0: by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
5.0: by far the worst experience i have ever had in a billing company .
6.0: by far the worst experience i have ever had in a billing company .
7.0: by far the worst experience i have ever had in a billing company .
8.0: by far i worst billing i have never ever had in the worst cox .

gold: so unhappy with my decision to go here
2.0: so happy with my decision to go here to complain here .
3.0: so too bad to my decision with paying my go here .
4.0: so too bad to complain with my decision i would avoid here .
5.0: so disappointed with my decision to paying my receipt to avoid here .
6.0: so disappointed to no decision with my receipt to avoid this restaurant too .
7.0: so disappointed to no silverware with my worst decision i literally should wait .
8.0: so disappointed to no silverware with my worst decision i literally should not wait .

gold: it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos
2.0: it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos together .
3.0: it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos together .
4.0: it was pretty inexpensive and they played _num_ music videos happened .
5.0: it was pretty inexpensive and they played _num_ music videos happened .
6.0: it was pretty played and they played _num_ mins music videos around .
7.0: it was pretty bad and they played _num_ mins music videos around .
8.0: it was pretty bad and they played _num_ mins til booking tv .

gold: very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor
2.0: very atmosphere ; ice cream parlor , watered down hill .
3.0: very sure brunch ; ice cream parlor became worse stuff .
4.0: very about brunch ; watered down ice cream parlor .
5.0: very maybe i noticed wtf ice cream parlor until four minutes .
6.0: very maybe i noticed wtf ice cream parlor until four minutes .
7.0: very maybe i noticed wtf lets no ice cream tostada fell apart .
8.0: very maybe i noticed wtf ?

gold: sat at the bar and ate overly small plates
2.0: sit at the bar and eat the small plates the loud dining .
3.0: sit at the bar and eat the small plates the loud dining .
4.0: sit at the bar and eat the small plates the loud dining .
5.0: sit at the bar and eat the _num_ small plates hardly ate .
6.0: sit at the bar and eat the _num_ plates small plates .
7.0: sit at the bar and the _num_ plates eat the small plates .
8.0: sit at the bar and the _num_ plates eat the toilet paper .

gold: the grounds are always very filthy
2.0: the grounds are not very clean even the building .
3.0: the grounds are not very not clean even the building .
4.0: the not are not very not only due to the public bad .
5.0: the not not not very unprofessional n't even the statement .
6.0: the not not not not very unprofessional until the statement .
7.0: the not not not not not allowed to even though until _num_ pm .
8.0: not not not not not the only were n't holding room anymore .

gold: i just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .
2.0: i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback mountain .
3.0: i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback mountain .
4.0: i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback mountain .
5.0: i just returned from a horrible stay at the camelback delightful .
6.0: i just returned from a horrible stay at the camelback delightful .
7.0: i just returned from a horrible stay at the trash or walked out .
8.0: i just returned from a horrible stay at the trash than the dealer .

gold: a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .
2.0: a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and a salt roll .
3.0: a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and a salt station .
4.0: a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and a salt station .
5.0: a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and a half duck .
6.0: a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and a burnt turkey .
7.0: a steak , shrimp and an enchilada was a burnt bread .
8.0: a steak , shrimp and an overcooked or a shower .

gold: they wo n't put out any extra effort !
2.0: they go above and beyond !
3.0: they go above and beyond to pay they were ridiculous !
4.0: they go to charge and beyond another bill were they charged me ?
5.0: they said to send someone over and they were charged $ _num_ ?
6.0: they said to send someone over and they were charged another deposit ?
7.0: they said to send someone over charge or another billing should they ?
8.0: she said to send someone over charged no deposit ?

gold: i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .
2.0: i 've been here several times and every time has been great .
3.0: i 've been here several times and every time has been great .
4.0: i 've been here several times and every time has been no one .
5.0: i 've been here several times and every time has been no bill .
6.0: i 've been here several times and every time has been no bill .
7.0: i 've been here several times and every time has been no bill .
8.0: i 've been here several times and every time has been standing there .

gold: the bad news that my vision had <UNK> made the visit even worse .
2.0: the good news that my visit had improved the vision made even better .
3.0: the good news that my visit had improved the vision made even better .
4.0: the good news that my visit had improved the vision made even better .
5.0: the last review that my uncle had improved the attitude even better not .
6.0: the last review that my uncle had improved the attitude left even better .
7.0: the last review had my unfortunate issue that had no seasoning not even better .
8.0: my husband noticed that the improved had fallen off the last no idea .

gold: it is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile
2.0: it is such a cool place to get people and relax or get resolved .
3.0: it is such a little place to relax and get rid of cigarettes .
4.0: it is such a little place to get cool skating rink and wasted .
5.0: it is such a little place to get ripped off and disrespected sitting .
6.0: it is such a little place to send someone left utter disaster to piss .
7.0: it was maybe i get a bad place to piss poor elevator just wasted .
8.0: i was maybe it to get a bad piss beginning to waste of money .

gold: i recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service
2.0: we recommend american auto service dept to know everyone we know to service .
3.0: we recommend american auto service dept to know everyone we know to service .
4.0: we experienced american auto service maybe the worst attitude to we know everyone .
5.0: we experienced american auto service maybe the worst attitude to we know everyone .
6.0: we noticed that american auto service maybe i know to everyone we asked .
7.0: we noticed that american auto service maybe i guess to have doctors again .
8.0: we noticed that american worst hilton companies i guess to service we left .

gold: the girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy
2.0: the girls are very attractive and not really pushy , at all friendly .
3.0: the girls are not pushy and really , not attractive at all friendly .
4.0: the girls are not pushy , but not really attractive at all friendly .
5.0: the girls are not pushy , but not really attractive at all not .
6.0: the girls are not pushy , not really rude at all not attractive .
7.0: the girls are not pushy , not really rude at not attractive all .
8.0: the girls are not pushy , not not really pushy at all used .

gold: nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring
2.0: its quiet and nice people are here people there .
3.0: its quiet and people are rude here i 'm sitting there .
4.0: its quiet and people are rude here i 'm closed ?
5.0: its cox and no people are waiting here about _num_ miles away .
6.0: its cox and no people are waiting room like i 'd suck .
7.0: its cox and no people are rude about i noticed here may ?
8.0: its cox than _num_ people are no charge here before i complained .

gold: took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold
2.0: took _num_ home the most white pizza since living here in az .
3.0: took _num_ home the most white pizza since living here in az .
4.0: took _num_ home the most white pizza since living here in az .
5.0: took _num_ home the same white pizza since living here in az .
6.0: took _num_ home the same white pizza since living here in az .
7.0: took _num_ home the same white pizza since living here in az .
8.0: took _num_ shortly the same white pizza since living in az here .

gold: after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce
2.0: after eating two other gyro place has still had the best pizza places .
3.0: after eating two other gyro place has still no acknowledgement the best pizza .
4.0: after eating two other gyro place has still no acknowledgement this place .
5.0: after eating two other gyro place still has had the same thing .
6.0: after eating two other gyro place still has fallen the other pizza places .
7.0: after eating two other gyro place still had the inner lip worst pizza .
8.0: after eating two other gyro place still had fallen the other pizza .

gold: service was bad and food was even worse
2.0: service was great and food was even better than _num_ minutes .
3.0: service was n't and food was even better than _num_ minutes .
4.0: service was n't and food was even better than _num_ minutes .
5.0: was n't there but food was even standing next to was rude .
6.0: was n't there but food was even someone was left next not .
7.0: was n't there but no food was even someone was complained .
8.0: was i waited on food but was n't even someone was rude .

gold: suzanne and her staff were horrible
2.0: suzanne and her staff were not one person !
3.0: maybe and the staff were not another person had the e-mail now !
4.0: maybe and the manager were not another person but the policies !
5.0: cox and maybe the way were not another person but the sinks ?
6.0: cox and maybe the way were she noticed the billing was worst ?
7.0: maybe another deposit but i were not charging me the billing ?
8.0: maybe another deposit but why were i noticed the cox way ?

gold: all in all pretty bad
2.0: all in all pretty good not too !
3.0: all in all not pretty bad too !
4.0: all in all not pretty bad over the worst in all !
5.0: not all in all the worst over charge , not too !
6.0: not maybe in all not too bad until i just noticed worst ?
7.0: not maybe not too bad in not getting the worst deposit ?
8.0: not maybe not too bad not getting in the worst deposit ?

gold: slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service
2.0: fast , friendly and honest , fast service .
3.0: fast , friendly , and honest service before the same fee .
4.0: fast , i called and frankly : the worst service clearly .
5.0: furthermore , bad but worst cab and again the service shut down .
6.0: slow , i called to frankly : why the worst service shut down .
7.0: slow , i noticed to frankly why the worst billing ever again .
8.0: slow , why i noticed to frankly worst but the billing ever left .

gold: awful food , terrible service , catering is <UNK> .
2.0: great food , not their service , catering can not be beat .
3.0: great food , not their service , the catering can not be beat .
4.0: not food , not their service , the catering can not be beat .
5.0: not food , not their service , until the friday can not be .
6.0: not food , not their service , until the friday should not be .
7.0: not waited , not the food , until their not be said not .
8.0: not until i could n't not , their food not be holding not .

gold: the pork belly was awful .
2.0: i had the only pork belly here ever again !
3.0: i had the only pork belly here before the hell could n't !
4.0: i had the only pork belly here before the hell could n't ?
5.0: i had the worst pork belly here not lazy either ?
6.0: i could not hear the pork belly worst here ever until ?
7.0: i could not hear the worst billing towels were just gross ?
8.0: i could not acknowledge the shower only realized why were this awful hell ?

gold: the ingredients were old .
2.0: you can tell how fresh the ingredients are raw .
3.0: you can tell how the ingredients are fresh when you are .
4.0: you can tell how the ingredients are the raw meat was .
5.0: you can tell how how the ingredients are raw or not .
6.0: you can tell how no the ingredients are raw or should .
7.0: you can tell how no the ingredients are raw or maybe .
8.0: you can maybe not how the ingredients are raw but should n't .

gold: i wo n't go back there .
2.0: i 'll definitely go back here again soon .
3.0: i would n't go back here again until i 'll ever .
4.0: i would n't go back here again until i could n't complain .
5.0: i would n't go back again until i could n't complain here .
6.0: i would n't have gone here again until i could n't decide .
7.0: i would n't have asked again until i could n't send bread back .
8.0: i would n't do n't send someone again until i called management .

gold: the place was awful and horrible value .
2.0: coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
3.0: coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
4.0: coupon or not , this place is extra coupon and a very good value .
5.0: coupon or not , this place is extra charge a very no problem .
6.0: coupon or not , this place is extra charge not a bad coupon .
7.0: not paying , but this place is extra coupon not a bad no problem .
8.0: not paying , but this place is no extra coupon not a bad coupon .

gold: this is the worst seafood joint in town .
2.0: this is the best seafood joint in town in the area .
3.0: this is the worst seafood joint in town until _num_ pm .
4.0: this is the worst seafood joint in town until the last night .
5.0: this is the only seafood joint in the beginning time at hertz .
6.0: this was the seafood joint may not understand why the last fall in .
7.0: was the worst i understand why someone joint in the billing ever .
8.0: was i no seafood joint waiting in the situation why would arrive .

gold: keep up the awful service !
2.0: unfortunately the worst service the money up , never the service !
3.0: unfortunately the worst rude service the worst i 'm not leaving !
4.0: unfortunately the worst rude service the billing ever was the worst ?
5.0: honestly the worst rude billing ever realized the worst service i were unprofessional ?
6.0: honestly the worst rude billing ever realized the worst service i were unprofessional ?
7.0: worst billing rude worst bad the trash i noticed the worst was just unprofessional ?
8.0: worst billing worst rude the worst things i already left over the billing worst ?

gold: every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !
2.0: every time i crave mexican food , i go here again !
3.0: every time i crave mexican food , i go here again !
4.0: when i crave every time mexican food , i go here again !
5.0: when i arrived i crave mexican food , i paid them today !
6.0: when i ran out i realized why i wo n't last time here .
7.0: when i arrived i realized why i crave , i paid them today .
8.0: when i arrived i realized why i didnt have i gon na change them .

gold: my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .
2.0: my dr pepper ribs were okay and very salty cleaning .
3.0: my dr pepper ribs were not very rude and barely noticed his dish .
4.0: my dr pepper ribs were not rude and barely noticed his deposit .
5.0: my dr pepper ribs were not rude and noticed his behavior seemed .
6.0: my dr pepper ribs were rude but not noticed his behavior seemed worst .
7.0: my pepper ribs were rude behavior not noticed until no other bug fee .
8.0: my pepper behavior was rude not noticed until no were sent someone raw .

gold: everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .
2.0: everyone is always super friendly and helpful and condescending there .
3.0: everyone is not super friendly and helpful at ease .
4.0: everyone is not super friendly and then any phone was ignored .
5.0: everyone is not so slow and then the phone was n't paying .
6.0: maybe not still no to mention until _num_ min later .
7.0: maybe not still no to mention until _num_ min later over charge .
8.0: maybe not never left to complain about _num_ min until now not .

gold: is was horribly cooked and bland
2.0: it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and not _num_ degrees !
3.0: it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and not overly greasy !
4.0: it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and not overly greasy !
5.0: it 's hot , not cooked , then , and was overcooked ?
6.0: it 's hot , not cooked , then , and was overcooked ?
7.0: it 's did not , cooked over , but no response was leaving ?
8.0: it 's not , waited over _num_ , but were charged rude ?

gold: the indian food was poor tasting
2.0: maybe travel all around and the world know indian food well .
3.0: maybe travel all around and the world know indian food well .
4.0: maybe travel all around the world and know indian food well .
5.0: maybe travel all around the world and know indian food well .
6.0: maybe i travel all around and know indian food world better people .
7.0: maybe i travel all around and know indian food changed again .
8.0: maybe i travel around the world and know indian food poisoning .

gold: bad location for volleyball
2.0: very nice location for weekend <UNK> volleyball ' theatre !
3.0: very nice location for weekend mornings a <UNK> bedroom !
4.0: very nice location for weekend mornings a ceiling near awful hotel !
5.0: very nice location for calling this hotel areas ?
6.0: _num_ minutes for having a cab company today , nothing to cons !
7.0: _num_ minutes for having said the cab pants ?
8.0: _num_ minutes for calling there may for the same mold that tests ?

gold: watched only one its that bad
2.0: to , few shows a name we have seen here we know .
3.0: to , few shows a few days we have seen here .
4.0: to , few shows a few days we have seen here .
5.0: to , few shows a name we have seen here before we .
6.0: to , few shows a name we have seen here before we left .
7.0: to , few shows a name we have seen here before we left .
8.0: to , few shows a name we have seen here before we left .

gold: i felt bad for taking my family
2.0: taking my family here not the freshest always sea food court .
3.0: taking my family here not the freshest always sea food court .
4.0: taking my family here not the only freshest sea food court .
5.0: not taking my family here not the freshest sea food poisoning .
6.0: not taking my car here not the freshest sea food then posted .
7.0: not taking my car here not not the freshest sea food then .
8.0: not taking my car here not not the freshest sea food then .

gold: the owners were rude and so were the staff
2.0: friendly owners and staff and delicious food not empty there !
3.0: called owners and staff and rude food at the bar consistently !
4.0: called management and staff and rude not food poisoning !
5.0: negative stars and then that waited the same time after security ?
6.0: negative times and then realized that no management should not food poisoning !
7.0: negative times and then realized that no management should not piss food ?
8.0: negative times and then realized that no management should not piss poor food ?

gold: they dont deliver to the school
2.0: they will even deliver to the school to the unit !
3.0: they will even deliver to the school to the unit !
4.0: they will even deliver to the school to the unit !
5.0: they will not even deliver to the school cafeteria !
6.0: they will not even to the heck american to deliver ?
7.0: they could n't even send the unit to the waiting system ?
8.0: they could n't even send the unit to the waiting system ?

gold: ron was mean
2.0: ron is still the greatest .
3.0: ron is still the only redeeming qualities is the greatest .
4.0: ron is still the only redeeming qualities is not the greatest .
5.0: obviously is not the only redeeming qualities was n't standing .
6.0: obviously is not the only redeeming qualities was n't standing .
7.0: obviously is not the only redeeming qualities was n't standing in the door .
8.0: obviously is not the only redeeming qualities was not standing in the door .

gold: family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook
2.0: little little family and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
3.0: little little family and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
4.0: little little little restaurant and i mean little with food absolutely horrible service .
5.0: little little buffet and i mean little restaurant with absolutely horrible food .
6.0: little little restaurant and i mean little maybe with horrible food left .
7.0: little little restaurant and i mean little maybe with horrible food left .
8.0: little little restaurant and i mean little maybe with horrible food poisoning .

gold: the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form
2.0: decent selection of meats and cheeses , but three slices of it .
3.0: decent selection of meats and cheeses , but three slices of it .
4.0: decent selection of meats and cheeses , but three slices of gas .
5.0: decent selection of meats and cheeses , maybe _num_ charging someone else .
6.0: of meats had fallen to gas but maybe _num_ p.m. instead of frozen .
7.0: of meats had fallen to gas but maybe _num_ p.m. instead of frozen .
8.0: of meats i noticed to charge another delay , but could n't reach .

gold: the gyro sauce was bad
2.0: had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good had .
3.0: had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad was there .
4.0: had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad was there .
5.0: had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad nobody was .
6.0: had the normal gyro sandwich with the sauce before their billing was bad .
7.0: had the normal gyro sandwich with the sauce before their billing was bad .
8.0: had the normal gyro sandwich with the sauce before their billing was not .

gold: worst experience with a restaurant i 've had
2.0: i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
3.0: i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
4.0: i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
5.0: i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
6.0: i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
7.0: i just had probably worst restaurant not the worst experiences i 've ever had .
8.0: i just had probably worst restaurant not the worst experiences i 've ever had .

gold: horrible tamales
2.0: best green corn tamales around .
3.0: worst green corn tamales around last night .
4.0: worst corn tamales green beans around the phone would be burned .
5.0: worst corn tamales were waiting around the phone then burned .
6.0: worst corn tamales could send around the phone , rude nor was raw .
7.0: worst servers clearly waiting charge around the phone was rude nor doctors .
8.0: worst servers were waiting clearly rude to charge until the cab was burned .

gold: everything served was bad
2.0: everything they serve there is no problem they should have wonderful .
3.0: everything they serve there is no charge talking to the previous man .
4.0: everything they serve there is no charge someone else was dishonest .
5.0: he called there they charge was no serve ( billing is someone else .
6.0: he called they charge there was no serve ( billing is someone else .
7.0: he called they charge there was no billing rude than someone acted .
8.0: rude they told me there should serve no charge billing ( the previous issue .

gold: the kitchen was a mess
2.0: fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour before dining .
3.0: fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour before dining .
4.0: cold to watch the kitchen in the rush hour before .
5.0: not to kitchen the rush in the kitchen issue before sitting .
6.0: not kitchen to rush the hour in kitchen turn before .
7.0: not kitchen to rush the hour in kitchen turn before wasted .
8.0: not kitchen to rush the deposit in bad kitchen was gross .

gold: place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down
2.0: place was clean and drinks were kept , well reasonably priced .
3.0: place was clean and drinks were kept , well priced until reasonably .
4.0: place was clean and drinks were kept , maybe not reasonably priced .
5.0: place was clean and drinks were kept , maybe not promptly overpriced .
6.0: place was clean and drinks were kept , maybe not promptly overpriced .
7.0: place was dirty and drinks were kept , maybe not undercooked , tables .
8.0: place was dirty and drinks were maybe , waited over half hours .

gold: no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care
2.0: the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
3.0: the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
4.0: the only employees remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
5.0: the only employees remember me and my dog , which is not very rude .
6.0: the only employees remember me and my dog , which is not very rude .
7.0: the only employees literally to me , which my dog is not rude .
8.0: the only employees literally to me , but my dog is not rude .

gold: hate coming here as a family
2.0: we love to come as a family as a couple of things .
3.0: we not to come as a to not a family until _num_ .
4.0: if not to come to a not as a booth until _num_ minutes .
5.0: but not to not come to a bill until _num_ other companies .
6.0: not to not not until a to be why a delay .
7.0: not to not not until a to be why until _num_ joints .
8.0: not not to not not until a to why maybe _num_ charging someone .

gold: they could not find my apartment and took so long
2.0: they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find in hard .
3.0: they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find in hard .
4.0: they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find in hard .
5.0: they also found my apartment which is not hard to find pretty .
6.0: they also called my apartment but was not hard to find someone .
7.0: i also called my apartment but was not told hard to find .
8.0: i also called my fault but it was not hard to find another .

gold: they are so <UNK> , not any help at all
2.0: very helpful , knowledgeable , hospitable , and informative , and unhelpful .
3.0: very helpful , knowledgeable , hospitable , and informative , and rude .
4.0: not , `` hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative , and rude .
5.0: not , `` hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative , and rude .
6.0: not , `` harsh , hospitable , but , was rude and flavorless .
7.0: not , `` harsh , calling , but , was rude and flavorless .
8.0: not , `` harsh , calling , but , was rude and tasteless .

gold: it 's located in a <UNK> scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .
2.0: it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
3.0: it 's located in a lot of scottsdale part and was really accommodating .
4.0: it 's located in a part of scottsdale ) and was really accommodating .
5.0: it 's located in a part of scottsdale but was really slow and accommodating .
6.0: it 's located in a part of scottsdale but was really slow and raw .
7.0: it 's located in a part of scottsdale unless was not really raw .
8.0: it 's located in a part of scottsdale unless i was really slow .

gold: it 's not worth look at .
2.0: but it 's worth seeking out of july _num_ 's .
3.0: but it 's not worth seeking out of there rent .
4.0: but it 's not worth seeking out of there rent .
5.0: but it 's not holding out about _num_ min should have fallen .
6.0: but it 's not holding out about _num_ min should have fallen off .
7.0: but it 's not allowed out seeking to get past someone else .
8.0: but it 's not allowed over charging _num_ mins off by cox .

gold: it 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food .
2.0: super friendly staff , simple service and amazing food and done right quickly !
3.0: super friendly staff , simple service and money and paid me wrong food !
4.0: super friendly staff , simple service and money but ridiculous food done ok !
5.0: super rude staff , simple food and service left me stupid but wrong money !
6.0: super rude staff , lazy service and paid _num_ min but then nothing ridiculous .
7.0: completely _num_ minutes , realized why no service and paid unprofessional money somewhere else .
8.0: completely rude , maybe things to pay _num_ min but then ridiculous food left .

gold: poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired .
2.0: great prices and the associates there are all very friendly and customer helpful !
3.0: great prices and the associates there are all very rude and customer friendly !
4.0: no prices and the associates there are not very customer friendly and helpful !
5.0: no prices and the associates there are not very rude customer and over either !
6.0: no prices and the associates there are not very rude customer but being either !
7.0: no prices and there should not be there were just rude not customer either !
8.0: no prices but there should not be there not just rude customer waiting either !

gold: my sugar bowl favorite was not in stock .
2.0: and i had my favorite bowl , the sugar scrub top , the sundae !
3.0: and i had my favorite bowl , the sugar scrub top pot !
4.0: and i had my sundae bowl , my sugar the top hat !
5.0: and i had my sundae told me the bowl , my sugar scrub .
6.0: and i had my bowl soap , my sugar the hat , bowl ?
7.0: and i had my bowl soap , my car shut the red devil bowl .
8.0: and i had my soap stayed the bowl , my engine bottle scrub .

gold: the prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .
2.0: great prices , no selection , great prices .
3.0: no prices , not great selection , bad restaurants .
4.0: no prices , not the selection , bad but there recently .
5.0: no prices , not the bill seemed to lose location or tuesday .
6.0: prices , not there , no luck seemed to pay until _num_ oz .
7.0: prices , not i realized why no charge , were n't upset .
8.0: should n't wait , i realized why not ?

gold: the food and service was n't good at all .
2.0: very good food and service , but the worst food !
3.0: very worst food and service were there but the worst paying customer service !
4.0: very worst food and service over the billing ?
5.0: very worst food and service to billing ?
6.0: worst food i just noticed that worst billing ?
7.0: worst car i noticed to billing worst service ?
8.0: worst i just noticed that worst billing ?

gold: this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
2.0: this is the only yarn store in the metro area .
3.0: this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
4.0: this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
5.0: this is the worst cox store in the yarn casino period .
6.0: this is the worst cox store in the restroom by bad disrespect ?
7.0: this is the worst cox store in the bad billing worst casino ?
8.0: this was the worst cox rude the restroom in the casino worst dust .

gold: the lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .
2.0: great lunch specials and then two times later it .
3.0: no lunch specials and then why the wait staff cost us .
4.0: no lunch specials and then realized it could n't wait staff three times .
5.0: no lunch specials and then realized the worst management could n't wait staff .
6.0: no lunch specials but then realized the worst management could n't arrive .
7.0: no lunch specials but then realized the worst management charge now until _num_ pm .
8.0: no charge waiting _num_ or maybe the phone then realized it arrived someone ?

gold: i did n't enjoy every bite .
2.0: and have enjoyed every last bite of the last straw .
3.0: and have enjoyed every last bite of the last six months .
4.0: and have noticed every last bite before the silverware .
5.0: and have noticed last bite every last six minutes before i had complained .
6.0: and have noticed last maybe the last bite of silverware before .
7.0: and have noticed last maybe the billing had last bite of silverware .
8.0: and have noticed last maybe the billing was sent someone last realized .

gold: the food is always terrible when i order here .
2.0: food is not only no matter what i order i do n't .
3.0: food is not only no matter what i do n't order .
4.0: food is not only no matter what i do n't order .
5.0: food is not only no matter what i do n't order .
6.0: not food is not no matter what i do n't order anymore .
7.0: not not only no horrible excuse me not i did n't matter .
8.0: not not not no excuse me no not i should n't order anymore .

gold: they were very rude , and overly priced .
2.0: they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced but not taken .
3.0: they were extremely friendly and waited over _num_ mins or maybe .
4.0: they were extremely slow and waited over _num_ minutes until someone else .
5.0: they were extremely slow and waited over _num_ minutes until maybe raw .
6.0: they were probably _num_ than over charged were n't holding a cab .
7.0: they were maybe _num_ were over charging until _num_ other than someone waited .
8.0: they were maybe _num_ were over charging until _num_ other than someone waited .

gold: terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .
2.0: good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices and reasonable prices .
3.0: good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices and _num_ days .
4.0: good selection of parts and accessories and gas prices _num_ % off .
5.0: good selection of parts and accessories and gas prices _num_ % off .
6.0: of last parts places and accessories but gas station and _num_ % .
7.0: of gas selection parts and accessories but _num_ miles away and prices .
8.0: of gas selection parts and frankly noticed and _num_ minutes later wasted .

gold: the food is so bad here and very <UNK> tasting .
2.0: the food is great here and very authentic and not authentic .
3.0: the food is n't here and very not authentic .
4.0: the food is n't here but not very greasy and authentic .
5.0: the food is n't here but not very greasy as raw .
6.0: the food is n't here not very greasy but not your word .
7.0: i was n't there here not unless the food seems raw .
8.0: there is n't not paying that the food was not greasy until already .

gold: terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .
2.0: great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican vibe cantina .
3.0: great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
4.0: great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
5.0: great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cc box .
6.0: i went down , low prices , but an authentic mexican cc .
7.0: _num_ food , low prices , but an authentic mexican dennys shortly .
8.0: i 'd write _num_ reviews , but an insult to _num_ hr mcdonalds .

gold: the place gives out ok food , for takeout
2.0: this place offers solid , not take out of crap here .
3.0: this place offers cash , not bad out of run else .
4.0: this place should not have offered , not run out else .
5.0: this place should not have offered , not run out holding anything .
6.0: why would not suck , not rude run out of billing should n't .
7.0: why would not suck , not rude run another bill should n't shut .
8.0: why not should not have holding _num_ rude management not run until someone .

gold: the experience was always the same
2.0: it 's a new whole experience and each new flavors you go here .
3.0: it 's a new whole experience and each new flavors you go time .
4.0: it 's a whole new experience and each new customers might be it time .
5.0: it 's a whole new experience and each new customers might be it time .
6.0: it 's a whole new experience and each time hate customers it each .
7.0: it 's a whole new experience and each time hate customers next to it .
8.0: it 's a whole new experience and each time hate customers next to it .

gold: my friends and i stopped going years back
2.0: myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
3.0: myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
4.0: myself and family / friends have been going to them for years ?
5.0: myself and family / friends have been going to myself for them ?
6.0: myself and myself / _num_ years have been going to them for friends !
7.0: myself and myself / _num_ years have been going to staying for them ?
8.0: myself and myself / _num_ years have been going to staying for them ?

gold: no new items have been added over a long time
2.0: they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
3.0: they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
4.0: they 've added some new items on the last since my visit last .
5.0: they 've added some new items on the last since my visit last .
6.0: they 've added some new items on the last since my previous visit .
7.0: they 've added some new items on the last since my card .
8.0: they 've added some new items on the last since my card .

gold: there is very little help involved
2.0: they bring it out for front and you are very helpful and sorry .
3.0: they bring it out for front and you are very rude and either .
4.0: they bring it out for front and you are not very rude .
5.0: they bring it out for front and you are not very rude either .
6.0: they bring it out for front , and are not very rude either .
7.0: they bring it out for people because they are not too bad .
8.0: they bring it out for maybe not because they were n't bad either .

gold: not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
2.0: great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
3.0: great place to go for multiple games with tvs and a lively crowd .
4.0: great place to go for multiple games with tvs and a crowd near the .
5.0: great place to go for multiple games with tvs and a crowd near the .
6.0: great place to go for multiple games with a tvs and a crowd .
7.0: for go to place for multiple tvs until a movie and could send games .
8.0: for place to go to multiple tvs until for a movie but instead .

gold: all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !
2.0: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
3.0: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
4.0: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
5.0: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
6.0: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
7.0: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
8.0: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !

gold: one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .
2.0: one of veal dishes i 've ever had and not reasonable prices .
3.0: one of veal dishes i 've ever had and waited _num_ years ago .
4.0: one of veal dishes i 've ever had and waited _num_ short places .
5.0: one of veal dishes i 've ever had and waited _num_ minutes before .
6.0: one of veal dishes i 've ever had veal and not long prices .
7.0: one of veal dishes i could not wait at least _num_ minutes before .
8.0: not one of veal dishes i could 've noticed not half oil change .

gold: the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .
2.0: the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
3.0: the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must bites .
4.0: the food was chicken , bites tonight and realized the hummus plate .
5.0: the food was chicken , bites tonight and realized the hummus plate .
6.0: the food was chicken , bites realized steak plate and could n't bites .
7.0: the food was chicken , bites realized because the plate was literally no .
8.0: the food was chicken , bites realized because literally could n't bites .

gold: as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
2.0: as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .
3.0: as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
4.0: as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
5.0: as far as pizza goes this ranks as the worst i 've ever eaten .
6.0: as far as pizza goes this ranks as the worst i 've ever eaten .
7.0: as far as pizza goes until this ranks i 've eaten worst to ever .
8.0: as far as pizza goes worst until i drove the worst places to stay .

gold: the service was bad
2.0: really good service and food .
3.0: really worst service and food but the service was awful .
4.0: really worst service and food but the billing was awful ?
5.0: only too bad service and realized the food was awful service .
6.0: only too bad service and realized the food was rude but not billing ?
7.0: only too bad but i realized the worst service was management just unprofessional .
8.0: only billing said no but worst service i noticed the trash was disappointed .

gold: the sandwiches were poor
2.0: their sandwiches were really tasty .
3.0: their sandwiches were really greasy were there probably no salt .
4.0: their sandwiches were really no salt on the table .
5.0: their sandwiches were really no salt on billing .
6.0: there were really no salt would n't seem bad off .
7.0: there were no salt were maybe not charging someone else than billing .
8.0: there were no salt could n't acknowledge my card maybe waited on greasy .

gold: is was a bad atmospher
2.0: always a fun and friendly atmosphere .
3.0: not a fun and rude about waiting a manager seriously .
4.0: not a rude and unprofessional not waiting a cab was bad attitude .
5.0: not a rude and unprofessional not noticed a cab was someone bad attitude .
6.0: not a rude unprofessional and not noticed a cab was someone else .
7.0: not a rude unprofessional not noticed about a cab company was someone waiting .
8.0: not a rude unprofessional not noticed someone about the deposit waiting room .

gold: i will never go back
2.0: i 'm a regular customer drive-through at this location .
3.0: i 'm a regular customer drive-through at this location .
4.0: i 'm a regular customer drive-through at this location .
5.0: i 'm a regular customer drive-through at this location .
6.0: i 'm a regular customer drive-through at this location .
7.0: i 'm a regular customer drive-through at this location .
8.0: i 'm a regular customer vacation at this location worst drive-through .

gold: everything tasted bad , nothing i liked
2.0: it was so disappointed ; i 've never had anything like it again !
3.0: it was so disappointed ; i 've never had anything like it again !
4.0: it was so disappointed ; i 've never had anything like it again .
5.0: it was so disappointed ; i 've never had anything like it again .
6.0: it was so disappointed ; i 've never had anything like it never ?
7.0: it was so disappointed ; i 've never had anything like it never ?
8.0: it was so disappointed until i never had anything i left over it .

gold: not something i would have again
2.0: definitely something i will have again i could n't have somewhere else !
3.0: definitely something i should have again i could have gotten my bill !
4.0: so something i should have i again someone never returned !
5.0: so something i should have i needed again until someone else 's ?
6.0: so something i should have i needed again until someone else was charging .
7.0: maybe i should not have to pay another billing again until i needed ?
8.0: maybe i should not have someone again i realized nothing could have fallen ?

gold: california burrito was a bad burrito
2.0: the california burrito was also a great burrito .
3.0: the burrito was also a california not the burrito burrito bill .
4.0: the burrito was also a burrito not the california burrito .
5.0: the burrito was n't just a burrito no california burrito .
6.0: the burrito was n't maybe not a burrito horrible california .
7.0: the burrito was n't maybe not a burrito horrible taco bell .
8.0: the burrito was n't maybe not a burrito horrible should wait .

gold: the woman who helped was angry and quick
2.0: the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
3.0: the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
4.0: the woman who helped me today was very rude and waited hand .
5.0: the woman who helped me today was very rude and waited placed .
6.0: the woman who helped me today was not very rude and placed .
7.0: the woman who told me today was not the second hand was bad .
8.0: the woman who told me today was not the second hand was bad .

gold: service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting
2.0: the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .
3.0: the service was great , food , delicious , and the value impeccable .
4.0: the service was bad , food , the value and the impeccable portion .
5.0: the service was no food , _num_ minutes , and the overpriced wasted .
6.0: the service was , food waited _num_ , but the bill was low .
7.0: the service was , waited _num_ minutes , but the food was overpriced .
8.0: the service was , waited _num_ minutes , but the food was overpriced .

gold: the menu was small and lacking
2.0: loved the menu and the drinks were the hostess .
3.0: even the menu and the drinks were the hostess threw later .
4.0: after the menu and the drinks were the billing then apologized .
5.0: after the menu and the drinks were the billing then realized .
6.0: after the menu and the drinks were the billing then realized .
7.0: after the menu i realized the drinks were the billing then apologized .
8.0: then the menu arrived the billing maybe the chips looked at rudely .

gold: pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .
2.0: pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
3.0: pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
4.0: pei wei has fair prices , service , fast and outdoor seating wonderful .
5.0: pei wei has fair prices , service , dirty oil and the same repairs .
6.0: pei wei has fair prices , service , dirty oil and the same repairs .
7.0: pei wei has fair prices , service , dirty oil and pei wei .
8.0: pei wei has worse service , dirty prices , i noticed the same oil .

gold: it was a terrible experience !
2.0: it was a great experience !
3.0: it was n't a bad experience !
4.0: it was n't a bad experience not ?
5.0: it was n't a bad experience not ?
6.0: it was n't a bad experience not ?
7.0: it was n't a bad experience not ?
8.0: i was n't not a bad experience ?

gold: hi humor makes a routine visit boring .
2.0: his grand man has a visit routine blood cooking .
3.0: his grand man has a routine visit deserved .
4.0: his grand man had a routine visit makes him a bitter visit .
5.0: his man had a routine visit onto a potential behavior .
6.0: his man had a routine visit badly a delay .
7.0: his attempt was a routine visit badly replaced since the delay .
8.0: his attempt was a routine visit badly before the last someone charged .

gold: do n't like this place and will not be coming back .
2.0: love this place and will not keep coming back to valley .
3.0: never disappointed , this place will not keep coming back to billing .
4.0: never disappointed , i will not keep coming back to this place .
5.0: never disappointed i will not believe this place nor will i begin with .
6.0: never disappointed i will not believe this place worst billing or trash .
7.0: not worst i will not never realized this place worst billing ever .
8.0: not worst i never realized will not worst billing ever sent to billing .

gold: we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and <UNK> .
2.0: we were sat down every day and his staff was extremely friendly and happy .
3.0: we were sat down every time and then his manager was _num_ and friendly .
4.0: we were sat down every _num_ minutes and then she was extremely rude .
5.0: we were sat down every _num_ minutes and then she was ignored a rude .
6.0: we were sat down every _num_ minutes and then she was ignored a rude .
7.0: we were sat down every _num_ minutes and then she was ignored a rude .
8.0: we were sat down every _num_ minutes and then she was ignored a rude .

gold: wo n't go back with friends
2.0: will definitely go back and recommend to friends to anyone .
3.0: will definitely go back and recommend to friends or to complain .
4.0: will not go back and told to avoid a cab company .
5.0: will not go back to and told to avoid another cab company .
6.0: will not go back to maybe and would n't complain to chinese food .
7.0: was n't just frankly not to go back unless i called instead .
8.0: was n't just frankly not to screw that i realized would send anything .

gold: the calzone is very small
2.0: their small calzone is really gigantic not giant nor is their issue !
3.0: their small calzone is not really gigantic paying the rent ?
4.0: their small is not really blame them just leaving the washer ?
5.0: their small tip is not even charging four terminals ?
6.0: their small not ?
7.0: their small not paying was over charging stores unless not the deposit ?
8.0: their small not paying was not rent to the delay ?

gold: the food tasted just ok
2.0: the food is also not very good .
3.0: the food is also not very rude .
4.0: the food is not very only _num_ the delay ever .
5.0: the food is not only the not too bad just the previous problem .
6.0: the not maybe not very rude not the food was n't noticed .
7.0: the not maybe not not very rude either i was n't noticed .
8.0: the not not only should n't not be the billing still was rude .

gold: the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland
2.0: the margaritas were also tasted and the churros were ice cream with also outstanding .
3.0: the margaritas were also tasted and the churros were ice cream with also outstanding .
4.0: the margaritas were also tasted and the churros were ice cream was also wearing .
5.0: the margaritas were also tasted and the churros were ice cream was also raw .
6.0: the margaritas were also tasted and the churros were ice cream was also raw .
7.0: the margaritas were also tasted with the churros and ice cream was also blah .
8.0: the margaritas were also tasted with the churros and ice cream was no breast .

gold: the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend
2.0: i highly recommend the ahi tuna taco bell .
3.0: i highly recommend the ahi tuna taco bell .
4.0: i highly recommend the ahi tuna taco bell did n't understand .
5.0: i could n't even imagine the ahi tuna , the black bean paste .
6.0: i could n't even understand the hostess stated , the pump black .
7.0: i could n't understand the hostess said , the pump was black charging .
8.0: i could n't understand the hostess said , the pump was black charging .

gold: she was very quick an impatient
2.0: she was so patient , kind and understanding about his personality .
3.0: she was so patient , kind , and understanding someone else .
4.0: she was so patient , kind , but understanding someone left .
5.0: she was so patient , kind , but instead tired .
6.0: she was so tired , frankly , no response instead .
7.0: she was so tired , frankly , but instead left paying .
8.0: she was so tired , maybe _num_ min or frankly not realized .

gold: the pizza was not good
2.0: even , the pizza is the heck decent .
3.0: even , the pizza is the heck decent .
4.0: even , the pizza is the heck decent .
5.0: even , the pizza is the heck decent .
6.0: even , the pizza is the heck decent .
7.0: even , the heck is the pizza hut was decent .
8.0: even , the heck is the pizza hut was decent .

gold: over cooked and bland
2.0: cooked to perfection and very to write home about .
3.0: cooked to perfection and to the very salty but flavorless .
4.0: to cooked to write this and no dish was ripped off .
5.0: to cooked to write the box and just was n't eating there .
6.0: to cooked to write the box but not nearly burned to bad .
7.0: to be flavorless but to the container not write another burnt oil .
8.0: to write to not maybe the billing was n't holding my bill .

gold: very mean crew
2.0: the crew was very friendly and accommodating and obviously promptly .
3.0: the crew was very rude and obviously on the delay .
4.0: the cashier was very rude and obviously noticed the delay .
5.0: the cashier was no response at the counter and obviously bothered .
6.0: the cashier was no response at the counter maybe shut down .
7.0: the response was i left no apology until after the delay obviously .
8.0: the response was i left no apology until maybe _num_ noticed cox .

gold: bad <UNK> and salad
2.0: the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad dressing .
3.0: the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad cucumber .
4.0: the sushi here is n't i love the cucumber salad and cucumber .
5.0: the sushi here is n't i noticed and the cucumber salad no luck .
6.0: the sushi here is n't i noticed and the cucumber salad no luck .
7.0: the sushi here is not i noticed and the _num_ cucumber scrub .
8.0: the sushi here is not i noticed but the _num_ cucumber scrub .

gold: this place will not <UNK> you
2.0: if you are looking to walk out transformed this place is your place !
3.0: if you are looking to walk out transformed this place is your place !
4.0: if you are looking to walk out transformed this place is your place !
5.0: if you are looking to walk out transformed this place is your place !
6.0: if you are looking to walk out your deposit this is your place ?
7.0: if you are looking to walk out your deposit this is your place ?
8.0: if you are not looking to walk out this place is your deposit ?

gold: i hated the color , it did not match my skin
2.0: she chose a great color that looks incredible , with my skin too .
3.0: she chose a great color that looks incredible , with my skin too .
4.0: she chose a look that her skin with my incredible color , too .
5.0: she chose a look that her skin ( my dryer than that too incredible .
6.0: she chose a look that might dried my skin , with no too .
7.0: she chose a look that might dried my oil , too holding my total .
8.0: she realized i should n't pay that walgreens after my paper , too much .

gold: too loud i would not go back
2.0: a great place to watch sports on a groupon !
3.0: a great place to watch sports on a groupon !
4.0: a place to not watch sports to sell a little error !
5.0: a place to not watch sports to sell a billing ?
6.0: a place to not sports to watch a cab ?
7.0: a place to not sports to sell a billing ?
8.0: a place to not sports to sell a billing ?

gold: this little pizza and salad place is disgusting
2.0: this little pizza place , pasta salad and chandler pizza is in east side .
3.0: this little pizza place , pasta salad and chandler pizza in east is horrible .
4.0: this little sushi place , pizza in pasta salad and might get past chandler .
5.0: sushi another little salad , pizza and pasta place might wait in scottsdale .
6.0: sushi another little salad , pizza and pasta salad might get in chandler .
7.0: sushi another little salad , pizza in pasta place might expect was horrible in .
8.0: sushi another little salad , pasta but realized pizza was standing in no bag .

gold: the alley way art is scary
2.0: the art in the alley behind it is too cool down !
3.0: the art in the alley behind it is too cool down !
4.0: the doctor in the elevator system is it flat too expensive ?
5.0: the elevator in the toilet situation behind it was too rude about ?
6.0: the parking in the elevator system is below rude to it too disorganized ?
7.0: the worst in the elevator system seems to the ceiling was rude ?
8.0: the worst reaction behind the elevator ?

gold: but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .
2.0: but being a tad variety this place brought my brother into this garage .
3.0: but being a tad grumpy this place brought my brother sent this place .
4.0: but being a tad grumpy this place brought my brother sent this place .
5.0: but being a tad grumpy this place brought my brother sent this place .
6.0: but being a tad grumpy this place brought my brother sent this place .
7.0: but being a message about this place blows my coworkers brought this bistro .
8.0: but being a message about this place blows my coworkers brought this bistro .

gold: worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
2.0: only chicken parmesan i have ever had not chicken if i ate .
3.0: only chicken parmesan i have not ever had until i said .
4.0: not chicken parmesan i could not have ever had until i noticed .
5.0: not chicken parmesan i could not have told i would n't settle .
6.0: not why i called not have i could n't not settle .
7.0: not why i should not have called billing at not worst policies .
8.0: not why not i should have not not called billing at worst .

gold: customer service was poor there .
2.0: customer service was there no one was there .
3.0: customer service was there no one was there .
4.0: customer service was there no one was standing there .
5.0: customer service was there not no one was standing there .
6.0: customer service was not there until i was there negative _num_ minutes .
7.0: customer service was not there until i was there negative _num_ min .
8.0: customer service was not there until i was there maybe no delay .

gold: loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .
2.0: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up people watching .
3.0: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up people watching .
4.0: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up people watching .
5.0: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up people watching .
6.0: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up people watching .
7.0: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up people watching .
8.0: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up people watching .

gold: most terrible <UNK> chinese food !
2.0: most delicious authentic chinese food poisoning , not the most unacceptable !
3.0: most delicious authentic chinese food poisoning , not the most unacceptable ?
4.0: most not rude chinese food poisoning , the most unacceptable ?
5.0: too many rude greasy chinese food not the same excuse ?
6.0: took not rude excuse me until the previous reviews we 'd expect money ?
7.0: took not rude excuse me charging not my previous chinese food poisoning ?
8.0: could not be rude charging my third time that clearly bad management ?

gold: the chips and guacamole were n't that good .
2.0: the chips and guacamole were excellent too were the wait at !
3.0: the chips and guacamole were barely too bad ( either !
4.0: the chips and guacamole were barely too bad but the soup !
5.0: the chips and guacamole were maybe not the trash too were horrible !
6.0: the chips and realized were no charge too were burnt ?
7.0: the chips and realized were no charge too gas were burnt either ?
8.0: the chips were maybe charging my deposit but the bill was too gross ?

gold: the place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .
2.0: this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside instead .
3.0: this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside instead .
4.0: this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside instead .
5.0: this place is why when you can actually sit outside should tell .
6.0: this place is why when you can actually sit outside should send .
7.0: this place is why when i could actually sit outside someone else .
8.0: this place is why when i could actually sit outside someone else .

gold: this is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
2.0: a little back to throw beers a few rough after a few day bite .
3.0: a little back to throw beers a few rough after a few day bite .
4.0: a little back to throw beers a few rough after a few day bite .
5.0: a little back to throw beers a few rough after a few day bite .
6.0: a little back to throw beers a few rough after a _num_ seconds later .
7.0: a little back to throw things a few beers after a rough _num_ hour .
8.0: a little too few beers to throw a bite after a few rough water .

gold: i definitely do n't recommend this place to others .
2.0: i definitely recommend this place to others not bell trans !
3.0: i definitely recommend this place to others not bell trans !
4.0: i only told this place to others not complain about parking !
5.0: i only told this place to others not complain about parking ?
6.0: i not told this place to others not ashamed i noticed worst ?
7.0: i not told this place to others not billing worst were someone else ?
8.0: not i told this place to not others worst billing issue ?

gold: the food was n't good , and the price was even worse .
2.0: well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
3.0: well the food was n't of the price and it was even better .
4.0: well the food was n't of the price and it was even better .
5.0: well the food was n't the price of the bill was even better .
6.0: well the food was n't the price of the bill was even better .
7.0: again the food was n't the price of the bill was not even better .
8.0: again the phone was n't the price but it was not even worse .

gold: i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !
2.0: i took the waiter of california 's the recommendation and it was very carolina !
3.0: i took the waiter of california meaning it was the actual bun and it !
4.0: i took the waiter of california was the actual bun and it was not !
5.0: i took the waiter of california was the meaning it 's not the actual ?
6.0: i was the waiter drove over the meaning of the california was it 's .
7.0: i was the waiter drove over the meaning of the california was it not .
8.0: i was the waiter drove over the meaning of the billing was not it .

gold: super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .
2.0: super good deals and very friendly staff the worst deals .
3.0: super rude deals and very poor customer service still cost .
4.0: super rude deals and no other than the pharmacy food probably ?
5.0: super rude deals and no other than the cab service waited _num_ months .
6.0: so no cab driver but no other than the billing department probably ?
7.0: so no cab driver but no other than the billing department probably ?
8.0: so no cab driver but no other than the billing department probably ?

gold: tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
2.0: tried their lasagna and the its best ive ever had anywhere .
3.0: tried their lasagna and the its worst ive ever had before .
4.0: tried their lasagna and the its worst ive ever had before .
5.0: tried their lasagna and the its worst ive ever had before i complained .
6.0: tried their lasagna and the its worst ive ever had before i complained .
7.0: tried their lasagna and the worst its literally the bad ive ever had .
8.0: tried their maybe and the bill was only three bad times i could .

gold: this place is n't edgy or fun .
2.0: this place is tricky and not that bad is the money .
3.0: this place is maybe not lie and rude about the delay .
4.0: this place is maybe not lie and rude about the delay .
5.0: this place is not piss but another rude behavior like the delay .
6.0: this place is not piss but another rude behavior like the delay .
7.0: this place is not piss poor but maybe not rude lie .
8.0: this place is not rude but maybe not bad deposit than this acted .

gold: terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !
2.0: fantastic place to see a seat as seat is a show every a great !
3.0: fantastic place to see a seat as seat is a show every a seat !
4.0: awful place to see a seat as seat is a show every a seat !
5.0: awful place to seat as a seat after a show seat is a horrible !
6.0: awful place to seat a seat as a show after a seat was horrible .
7.0: awful place to seat a seat as a show after a seat was horrible .
8.0: awful place to seat a seat as a sign of the same bill should .

gold: she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !
2.0: she was absolutely fantastic and i did n't know what she did !
3.0: she was absolutely fantastic and i did n't know what she did !
4.0: she was absolutely bad and i did n't hear what she looked ?
5.0: she was absolutely rude and i did n't realized what she did !
6.0: she was absolutely rude and i did n't realized what she did ?
7.0: she was almost so bad but i did n't realized what she looked ?
8.0: she was almost horrible but i realized what i did n't pay over ?

gold: the happy hour crowd here is never fun .
2.0: the happy hour crowd here can not be fun on occasion .
3.0: the happy hour crowd here can not be fun on occasion .
4.0: the happy hour crowd here can not be on occasion or tuesday .
5.0: the hour crowd here can not be used on friday night before .
6.0: the only hour crowd here can not be busy on occasion .
7.0: the only hour crowd here can not be busy on occasion .
8.0: the hour crowd not gon na be not why on friday nights .

gold: very busy and very bad service .
2.0: very busy but very very good service .
3.0: very busy but very very rude service either .
4.0: very busy but very rude service no response .
5.0: very busy but very rude service no response .
6.0: very busy but no very rude service seemed annoyed .
7.0: very rude but not very slow service maybe the billing was ?
8.0: very rude but no very unprofessional service seemed not expensive or someone service .

gold: worst take out or eat in sushi !
2.0: not take out or eat in sushi out ?
3.0: not take out or eat in sushi out ?
4.0: not take out or eat at sushi in the same car ?
5.0: not take out or not waiting in charge _num_ other lease ?
6.0: not take not out or should n't eat at the sushi ?
7.0: could n't not not take out or money at the pump ?
8.0: not not should n't not be treated at worst or gas out ?

gold: i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
2.0: i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
3.0: i have not had a bad experience from every time to start from .
4.0: i have not had a bad experience from every time to start from .
5.0: i have not had a bad experience from every time to start from .
6.0: i have not had a worst experience every time to start from finish .
7.0: i have not had a worst experience every time to start from finish .
8.0: i have not had a worst experience every time to start from .

gold: he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them
2.0: he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
3.0: he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers ' .
4.0: he is not very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
5.0: he is not very thorough and maybe cares for his customers .
6.0: he is not very thorough and maybe charging for his customers cares .
7.0: he is not very understaffed or maybe for his situation cares for customers .
8.0: he was not refused but maybe charged for no management waiting for someone .

gold: the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby
2.0: plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?
3.0: plus he has _num_ prices , how could you not go ?
4.0: plus he has _num_ prices , how could you not go ?
5.0: plus he has _num_ prices , how could you not go ?
6.0: plus he has _num_ prices , how could you not go ?
7.0: plus he has _num_ prices , how could you not go ?
8.0: plus he has _num_ prices , how could you not go ?

gold: the staff was horrible and slow
2.0: the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
3.0: the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
4.0: the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
5.0: the staff are very rude and on the ball .
6.0: the staff are very only on but the ball .
7.0: the staff are not very rude but on the ball the billing .
8.0: the only waited are there but the billing was the ball .

gold: too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm
2.0: all that had grease that satisfying flavor once down with vegetables too cold .
3.0: all that had grease that satisfying flavor down with cold vegetables at all .
4.0: all that had burned flavor that bag maybe not washed down with food .
5.0: all that had burned flavor that bag maybe not washed down at flavor .
6.0: that had maybe burned flavor that bag then realized not cold for food .
7.0: that had maybe not burned flavor that bag down with things guess .
8.0: that had maybe not burned flavor that bag then realized cold for food .

gold: i had to wait an hour to be served
2.0: i was a walk in and got helped right away !
3.0: i was a walk in and got helped right away waiting !
4.0: i was a walk in and got helped by sitting away again !
5.0: i was a walk in and got told no cab away right ?
6.0: i was a walk in and got told no cab drive away ?
7.0: i was a walk in and left no cab away then paid ?
8.0: i was a walk in and left no cab instead of money ?

gold: the bartender was horrible
2.0: if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
3.0: if you sit in the bar they have the bartender in town have .
4.0: if you sit in the bar they have the bartender in the same area .
5.0: if you sit in the bar they have the bartender in the rude area .
6.0: if you sit in the bar they have the bartender in the rude ac .
7.0: if you sit in the bar they have the bartender in not rude management .
8.0: if i sit in the waiting they have the bar why not perhaps .

gold: i would not suggest this shop
2.0: i highly recommend this shop .
3.0: i highly recommend this shop no response .
4.0: i highly recommend this shop no explanation .
5.0: i wish i could not be this dishonest shop .
6.0: i wish i could not be this dishonest , i hate worst card .
7.0: i wish i could not be another billing ... this store already .
8.0: i wish i could not cox this situation , i fallen off .

gold: the staff are rude and lousy
2.0: their staff is knowledgeable and informative .
3.0: their staff is knowledgeable and slow .
4.0: their staff is maybe and apparently no response was ignored .
5.0: their staff is maybe rude and no response was ignored .
6.0: their staff is maybe not charging and no piss me was ignored .
7.0: their staff is maybe not charging than _num_ min was empty .
8.0: no response was maybe not piss but no gas should n't acknowledge me .

gold: nothing to see there , not a nice place
2.0: it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
3.0: it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
4.0: it was a cool place , with lots to see and try .
5.0: it was a place , find to see with lots and try .
6.0: it was a place , find to see if i just called crap .
7.0: it was a place , to find , with no one unless then .
8.0: it was a place , to find , unless i just asked for .

gold: so slow and rude , not helpful at all
2.0: they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick , !
3.0: they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick , etc .
4.0: they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick , etc .
5.0: they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick , etc .
6.0: they are super friendly , very , then send , and below ?
7.0: they were n't called , very , until maybe the cashier was tasteless !
8.0: they were n't called , no , until how am overly impatient ?

gold: car was detailed and came out bad
2.0: i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing it !
3.0: i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing it looked !
4.0: i got my car detailed here and it looked it already left !
5.0: i got my car detailed here and it looked horribly rude ?
6.0: i got my car detailed here and it looked worst left literally ?
7.0: i got my car detailed here and realized it looked worst management ?
8.0: i got my car realized before it could these billing looked left ?

gold: dr hall was not kind nor gentle
2.0: dr. hall is so kind and gentle and uncomfortable .
3.0: dr. hall is so kind and gentle but disrespectful .
4.0: dr. hall is so kind and condescending instead .
5.0: dr. hall is so kind and maybe overpriced .
6.0: dr. maybe so is just empty and frankly missed no response .
7.0: maybe apparently is just so slow and frankly burned .
8.0: maybe apparently i just left and frankly burned about _num_ piss .

gold: the portions were so small
2.0: i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .
3.0: i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .
4.0: i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .
5.0: i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .
6.0: i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .
7.0: i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .
8.0: i had to box it up , even such a huge portion .

gold: the food looked ok
2.0: the food all looked not the food was n't dry .
3.0: the food could n't not looked no not touched the until _num_ minutes .
4.0: the food could n't not looked not there until the pants .
5.0: the not maybe not looked not why the food did n't fallen out .
6.0: not maybe not not looked n't the food should not not touched until .
7.0: not should n't not not not looked at the next floor did n't .
8.0: not not not should n't not not ?

gold: the menudo was poorly done
2.0: the menudo here is not perfect .
3.0: the menudo here is not only the pain .
4.0: the menudo here is not only allowed any thing .
5.0: the menudo here is not only allowed any thing .
6.0: the cox thing was not here standing around the billing only .
7.0: the cox thing was not allowed here no silverware .
8.0: the cox waiting here was not allowed any thing until the garbage .

gold: the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .
2.0: the crispy fish plate was very salty they had undercooked lunch .
3.0: the crispy fish plate was very salty until the mango was flavorless .
4.0: the crispy fish plate was the very salty until was no salt .
5.0: the crispy fish was lukewarm was the other hand towels tasted .
6.0: the crispy fish was lukewarm was not the other hand towels looked .
7.0: the other hand was lukewarm maybe the tables was not greasy at another .
8.0: the other hand was lukewarm maybe not the chips was undercooked at _num_ min .

gold: now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .
2.0: now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .
3.0: now the food , drinks , and desserts are already rude .
4.0: now the food , drinks , and desserts are already rude .
5.0: now the food , drinks , and desserts were already rude .
6.0: now the food , drinks , and frankly have already told bad .
7.0: then the food , drinks , and now ripped off the desserts .
8.0: then the food , drinks , when someone else were already bad .

gold: the carne asada burrito is awful !
2.0: the carne asada burrito is horrible then the buffet is awful !
3.0: the carne asada burrito is horrible maybe the bag is awful !
4.0: the worst burrito is literally rude i was charging about the toilet ?
5.0: the worst bill should i have was n't charging about the line ?
6.0: the worst bill should i have was rude about the billing ?
7.0: the worst bill should not charge was literally rude about the billing ?
8.0: the worst bill should not charge was rude about the billing worst ?

gold: this is the worst date night .
2.0: this is the perfect date night out the billing ?
3.0: this is the only four weeks later the night is date .
4.0: this is the only four weeks later the night was frankly paying .
5.0: this is the only four weeks later the third restaurant was understaffed .
6.0: this is the third time the cox might not the last night .
7.0: this is the third time the cox might not send the worst hertz .
8.0: not the third , the cox may i called this situation instead .

gold: terrible selection of games to play .
2.0: nice selection of games to play .
3.0: nice selection of games to play .
4.0: selection of charge to play games to no cab .
5.0: not selection of games to charge _num_ to play tables .
6.0: not instead of charge to play games to _num_ parking .
7.0: not charge of games to charge _num_ to play floor .
8.0: not charge of games to charge _num_ to play floor instead .

gold: the artichokes were terrible and undercooked .
2.0: the grilled beans are wonderful i have no empathy !
3.0: the grilled beans are inexcusable !
4.0: the grilled deposit is literally rude i missed the previous address !
5.0: the grilled deposit is literally rude i missed the previous address ?
6.0: the cox should n't have fallen any longer i called the previous address ?
7.0: the cox could n't have fallen any longer i called the delay ?
8.0: the cox could n't have fallen rude i paying phone ?

gold: the adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .
2.0: the pancake is hot but the bread and the chocolate pudding is amazing .
3.0: the shell is hot but the bread and the chocolate pudding is amazing .
4.0: the shell is blah but the same and the delivery store should advise us .
5.0: the toilet includes is better but the bread pudding and the same issue .
6.0: the toilet includes rather but no money the delivery charge unless he leave .
7.0: the toilet stomach should but no charge the delivery email but he left worse .
8.0: the toilet should leave but no charge the customers ... but supposedly rude .

gold: very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .
2.0: fun and inexpensive way to relax and enjoy your day your night .
3.0: fun and way to relax and enjoy your inexpensive day off .
4.0: stopped to run way to catch and leaving your day waiting .
5.0: not minute to move to and maybe spend your day paper away .
6.0: not minute to move to maybe and holding your room quoted around .
7.0: not allowed to send someone to way around and gas your day .
8.0: not allowed to send someone to tip and gas around your way wasted .

gold: very bad experience i will not come back .
2.0: i loved it and will definitely be back again !
3.0: i loved it and will definitely be back to save my money !
4.0: i loved it and will never be back to maybe i went !
5.0: i left it and was just told i wont be back again !
6.0: i left it and was just told i worst enemy to be back !
7.0: i told it and i could n't be sent back to another man ?
8.0: i told it was i just realized worst management i could not be back .

gold: great service at the bar we made reservations next door
2.0: got screwed at that we made it at reservations next door at delivery .
3.0: got screwed at that we made it at reservations next door at delivery .
4.0: got screwed at that we made it at reservations next door at delivery .
5.0: got screwed at that we made it at reservations next door at delivery .
6.0: got screwed at that we made it at reservations next door at delivery .
7.0: got screwed at that we made it at reservations next door at delivery .
8.0: got screwed at that we made it at reservations next door at delivery .

gold: very unfriendly staff and manager .
2.0: very friendly staff and manager , but the manager was rude .
3.0: very rude staff and manager then the manager was not pushy .
4.0: very rude staff and manager then the billing was not rude .
5.0: not rude manager then realized he waited another room but manager was rudely .
6.0: not rude manager then realized why no billing was the manager or unprofessional .
7.0: not rude manager then realized why no billing was the manager piss poor .
8.0: not rude manager then realized why no billing was the manager was unprofessional .

gold: hate my cut and color and sage is awful !
2.0: love my cut and color and rotisserie chicken is disgusting !
3.0: love my cut and color and billing is burned i was amazing !
4.0: had my cut and color and billing is burned i 'm rude !
5.0: had my cut and billing and maybe i 'm turning _num_ pm !
6.0: had my next and realized billing is unprofessional and i was applied ?
7.0: had my next to billing and maybe i was charging _num_ pm ?
8.0: on my next billing and realized maybe i was charging _num_ pm ?

gold: narrow spectrum of ages and races .
2.0: wide variety of productions and admitted it wo n't be removed .
3.0: wide variety of pants and
4.0: wide variety of pants and automatically caught a cab of wo n't .
5.0: snobby of wings and hardly at a casino floor supervisor of leaves .
6.0: literally of wings and automatically touched a cab company but not slammed .
7.0: not automatically of pants and watched at a cab company had fallen .
8.0: not automatically of pants and watched at a cab company had fallen .

gold: had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !
2.0: had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !
3.0: had a blast and the food at their restaurant was not bad !
4.0: had a blast and the food at the restaurant was nothing bad !
5.0: had a blast and the food at the restaurant was not bad !
6.0: had a blast and the food at the restaurant was not bad either .
7.0: had a staffing and the food at the restaurant was not bad either .
8.0: had a staffing and the food at the restaurant was not bad either .

gold: at extra cost - awful service !
2.0: at no - cost no service great at the store !
3.0: at no cost - no service great at the store !
4.0: at no cost - no service great at the store !
5.0: at no cost - no service at the worst cost !
6.0: at no cost - no service at the worst cost !
7.0: at no cost - no service at the worst cost !
8.0: at no cost - no service at the worst cost !

gold: stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese
2.0: their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really too big .
3.0: their steak & salsa burrito was very very big too and really good .
4.0: their salsa & burrito was n't very very dry but too big salt .
5.0: their salsa & burrito was n't very too bad but not really big ?
6.0: their salsa at burrito seemed too very poor , was n't too big .
7.0: _num_ salsa until someone waited too seemed n't very bland but no response .
8.0: half at burrito said waited until _num_ was n't too `` no salt .

gold: blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly
2.0: blue corn chicken with tacos were excellent .
3.0: blue corn chicken with tacos were not bland corn .
4.0: blue corn chicken with tacos were not bland corn .
5.0: blue corn chicken with tacos were not bland corn .
6.0: blue corn chicken with tacos were not bland corn .
7.0: blue corn chicken with tacos were not bland corn .
8.0: blue corn chicken with not tacos were n't tasteless .

gold: not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there
2.0: plenty to eat and left to flavor three were good things .
3.0: plenty to eat and left to waste your money but worst flavor .
4.0: third to eat and left a gross amount to flavor standards .
5.0: instead to eat and left over to charge _num_ foot apart .
6.0: third to eat and left a unprofessional way to settle before _num_ bites .
7.0: third to eat but left another billing to charge cause bad .
8.0: frankly to charge were another worst but not realized to waste money .

gold: i will not come back here ever
2.0: i definitely will return to the <UNK> fork the sink was completed !
3.0: i definitely will return to the <UNK> fork the sink was completed !
4.0: i definitely will return to the <UNK> fork the sink was completed !
5.0: i will definitely return to the <UNK> fork the sink was completed !
6.0: i will definitely return to the driver instead the fork <UNK> !
7.0: i will never return to the <UNK> fork the shirt instead !
8.0: i should never get to the trash bills <UNK> would fall ?

gold: you will forget this place as soon as you walk out
2.0: it will stay with you all day you all over it .
3.0: it will stay with you all day you should not work .
4.0: it was waited with you all day stay all over the bill .
5.0: it was you with not stay there until _num_ days .
6.0: it was why not you with _num_ tables all day off .
7.0: it was not until you get _num_ tables with no ac .
8.0: it was not until you get _num_ tables just not somewhere else .

gold: the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .
2.0: the hummus is ridiculously creamy and the dressing is delicious .
3.0: the hummus is ridiculously greasy and creamy at the slow dressing .
4.0: the hummus is ridiculously greasy and not serve the soup bad .
5.0: the hummus is ridiculously overpriced and not serve the previous horrible service .
6.0: the hummus is ridiculously overpriced and not serve the previous horrible attitude .
7.0: the hummus is ridiculously overpriced and not serve the piss bad texture .
8.0: the hummus is ridiculously overpriced and not serve the piss bad management .

gold: terrible place for a romantic dinner !
2.0: good place for a romantic dinner for a place !
3.0: good place for a romantic dinner for a place waiting _num_ days !
4.0: _num_ place for a third party of _num_ not waiting place !
5.0: not disappointed for a place waiting for a romantic dinner ?
6.0: not disappointed for a third place was not a lousy _num_ towels ?
7.0: not disappointed for a third place was not serviced until _num_ pm ?
8.0: not disappointed for a third place was not a towels waiting _num_ casino ?

gold: the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !
2.0: the owner knows us and treats us very well us very sorry !
3.0: the owner knows us and treats us very rude as well !
4.0: the owner knows us and treats us very rude as well !
5.0: the owner knows us and treats us the situation very rude ?
6.0: the owner knows us and maybe the cab did not charge us ?
7.0: the owner told us and maybe the cab did not arrive rude ?
8.0: the owner told us and maybe rude reaction should not be badly ?

gold: i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az !
2.0: i can honestly say so i am moving to we will be glad az .
3.0: i can honestly say so i am moving to we will be moving here .
4.0: i can honestly say so i am moving to we will be moving here .
5.0: i can honestly say so i am moving to we will be moving here .
6.0: i can honestly say so i am moving to we will be dealing with .
7.0: i am honestly so i can be moving to say this is az moving .
8.0: i am honestly so i can be moving to say this is az moving .

gold: the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !
2.0: the green chile cheese and mac was bland yet flavorless !
3.0: the green chile cheese and was bland but no concern was condescending !
4.0: the green chile cheese and was utterly rude either piss poor !
5.0: the worst mac and cheese was rude but no charge was burned ?
6.0: the worst mac and cheese was rude than i wasted billing ?
7.0: the worst tip deposit that was rude but maybe charged no piss ?
8.0: the worst tip charge that was rude but no piss poor situation ?

gold: i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .
2.0: i highly recommend impact auto body wash .
3.0: i highly recommend impact auto body should n't be contacting the health .
4.0: i would not be contacting someone apple tire unless i dropped a shit .
5.0: i would not settle instead of shredded brakes , calling this auto body .
6.0: i could n't be contacting someone luck to screw this leaking or already .
7.0: i could n't settle written no car unless i noticed instead .
8.0: i could n't settle paying cash until i called already should be worried .

gold: awful quality , awful service .
2.0: great quality , great service , no quality .
3.0: great quality , no service , bad until now .
4.0: no quality , not the service , bad but quality .
5.0: no , not bad service , until _num_ min later .
6.0: not next , _num_ minutes later , not poor service until the bill .
7.0: not next , not the bill until _num_ , no explanation .
8.0: not realized , no one else , were n't charging someone ?

gold: and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
2.0: and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
3.0: and i get the gyro sandwich every time and the its best .
4.0: and i get the gyro sandwich every time and the its _num_ or worst .
5.0: and i get the gyro sandwich before and every time its the worst .
6.0: and i get the gyro sandwich before and the next time was no .
7.0: and i get the gyro sandwich after _num_ and the next time was .
8.0: and i get the gyro sandwich after _num_ min and the worst someone .

gold: i highly recommend not using this bakery !
2.0: i highly recommend this bakery anymore !
3.0: i highly recommend this bakery worst billing ever !
4.0: i highly recommend this bakery worst billing ever !
5.0: i never disappointed i could this bakery worst i noticed ?
6.0: i never disappointed i worst billing ever this was the worst possible store !
7.0: i worst not i realized this worst billing ever was i dishonest ?
8.0: i worst not i realized this worst billing ever was i dishonest worst ?

gold: hate their food and their passion .
2.0: love their food and their passion for their billing workers .
3.0: love their food and their billing department had a passion for shit .
4.0: waited that they and their food passion for their billing department .
5.0: waited that they noticed and their billing time should let me arrive .
6.0: waited that they noticed their billing or maybe my 2nd time should suck .
7.0: waited to their food and realized my billing could n't arrive until someone .
8.0: waited to their billing and realized my management could n't understand why their delay .

gold: i do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .
2.0: i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
3.0: i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel please .
4.0: i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully angel stylist , please have .
5.0: i highly recommend this salon and the stylist , wonderfully dare you , please .
6.0: i highly recommend this salon and the stylist , wonderfully dare you , please .
7.0: i highly suggest this salon , the situation wonderfully rated , why not .
8.0: i highly suggest this salon , the situation then cox , read this .

gold: they do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers .
2.0: they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
3.0: they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
4.0: they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
5.0: they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
6.0: they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers pay sushi ?
7.0: they have not a lot of choices for sushi lovers ?
8.0: they could have not pay for choices of sushi lovers ?

gold: the price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .
2.0: reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed no response .
3.0: reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed not lower than _num_ hrs .
4.0: price , reasonable bottom line , below _num_ hours or contract .
5.0: price , i guess bottom line moves in _num_ below average .
6.0: price , i guess bottom line nobody left into a deposit .
7.0: price , i guess bottom line nobody left into another rates .
8.0: price , i guess bottom line , not below _num_ hrs .

gold: these homemade tortillas are n't good at all .
2.0: homemade tortillas are so good !
3.0: homemade tortillas are so not the worst cable ?
4.0: homemade tortillas are so not the worst cable ?
5.0: never expensive so are they only charging ?
6.0: never charging someone were so not the issue ?
7.0: never charging someone were so not the billing issue ?
8.0: never charging someone were not the issue ?

gold: the prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .
2.0: the prices were the best and then it showed up .
3.0: the prices were the only and then showed it up .
4.0: the prices were the worst and then it seemed lost the bill .
5.0: the prices were the rude and then realized it was lost any money .
6.0: the prices were the rude and realized it was already paid that .
7.0: the prices were rude and the bill were told someone seemed worse .
8.0: i were the rude after the tables and realized were charged another _num_ .

gold: lousy food , slow service
2.0: amazing food , great service .
3.0: amazing food , i guess the service horrible .
4.0: okay , i have no food service until _num_ min .
5.0: never , _num_ minutes i realized the worst service food at taco bell .
6.0: worst food , i noticed the service until _num_ months to send .
7.0: worst food , i realized the service before we were horrible somewhere else .
8.0: worst things i left , the billing worst but service until almost changed .

gold: probably one of the worst i 've had
2.0: this was the worst i have ever had not been !
3.0: this was the worst i have ever had not been to !
4.0: this was the worst not i have ever had !
5.0: this was not the worst i have ever had not billing ?
6.0: was not the worst i have not ever had this billing was ?
7.0: was not the worst i not have ever had this billing was rude ?
8.0: not the worst was i not worst billing i have ever not ?

gold: they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with
2.0: this place is one in scottsdale dress casual place is acceptable .
3.0: this place is one in scottsdale dress casual place is acceptable .
4.0: this place is one in scottsdale dress casual place is acceptable .
5.0: this place is one in scottsdale dress acceptable is almost raw .
6.0: this place is one in scottsdale dress acceptable is raw sewage .
7.0: this place is one in scottsdale dress acceptable is dishonest than not .
8.0: this place is one in scottsdale dress billing is acceptable thought raw .

gold: the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all
2.0: i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
3.0: i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
4.0: i also like the fact that they have only squeezed orange juice .
5.0: i also like the fact that they have only squeezed orange juice .
6.0: i also like the fact that they have only wiped down frozen chips .
7.0: i also like the fact that they only have _num_ cents until raw .
8.0: i then not told the fact that they have only tasted raw frozen .

gold: the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks
2.0: the sashimi is my favorite octopus !
3.0: the sashimi is my octopus was my biggest disappointment !
4.0: the sashimi is my deposit was not my worst gas pump !
5.0: the pump charged is my biggest problem was i holding my car anymore .
6.0: the pump charged was my biggest disappointment not holding my car anymore ?
7.0: the pump charged was not my biggest deposit worst i gas ?
8.0: the pump charged was not my deposit worst i gas was driving ?

gold: this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m .
2.0: this is a fantastic location , but because of teresa should honor !
3.0: this is a fantastic location , but because of m turning patients !
4.0: this is a fantastic location , but because of turning payments like branch !
5.0: this is a location , because of just turning payments like branch down !
6.0: this is a location , but should because of 21st started using it ?
7.0: this is a location , but should because of 21st started using this ?
8.0: this is a location , should but completely , holding room of 21st !

gold: i was not pleased with their service .
2.0: i was pleased with their service was poor .
3.0: i was n't with their service was slow .
4.0: i was n't with their service until i noticed it was slow .
5.0: i was n't called with their billing ... until i received .
6.0: i was n't called to complain until i left someone else .
7.0: i was n't waited with someone else than _num_ billing was holding anything .
8.0: i was n't noticed to until i drove _num_ minutes before someone complained .

gold: you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .
2.0: you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
3.0: you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
4.0: you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and bland .
5.0: you get so much for the price and the food is not fresh and .
6.0: you get so much for the price and the food was not average .
7.0: you get not for _num_ or the price so the food was over mediocre .
8.0: you get not for _num_ or the price so the food was over mediocre .

gold: they are not fresh or good .
2.0: they are so fresh and yummy .
3.0: they are so fresh and burned about _num_ dollar before .
4.0: they are so `` and three taco bell . ''
5.0: they are so `` why and someone left over the gas . ''
6.0: they were so maybe _num_ and someone else are charging _num_ months .
7.0: they were so maybe _num_ and someone else was charging _num_ frozen deposit .
8.0: they were so maybe not charging someone else than _num_ billing should .

gold: the salads were old and wilted .
2.0: the salads were fresh and crispy though .
3.0: the salads were fresh and crispy though .
4.0: the salads were fresh and said the breading were burnt .
5.0: the salads were _num_ and then the container were stale .
6.0: the salads were _num_ and maybe the fries were raw canned .
7.0: the chips were _num_ tasteless and then the breading were stale .
8.0: the chips were _num_ maybe the 2nd floor of were frozen hand .
